### 1
1. caveat:an explanation or warning that should be remembered when you are doing or thinking about something.
2. potluck:US,a meal to which everyone who is invited brings food to share
3. utterance
- No related music utterances. Assigning to Bluetooth and raising severity to 2.5 as there is an imminent threat to the Amazon brand.
4. cadence
5. severity
6. synthesis
7. outage
8. Europe
9. prerequisite
10. triage:the process of deciding which patients should be treated first based on how sick or seriously injured they are
- CR triage
11. itinerary
12. accolade:an award or an expression of praise.
13. posterity
- This wiki contains details from the earliest gamedays for posterity's sake.
14. clarity
- the quality of being clear: such as the quality of being easily understood
- If naming is important to you then create a clone for clarity.
15. bastion
- The SDE community has patched ConsoleLord to work seamlessly with the security bastion hosts in order to connect to prod environments.
16. criterion/criteria
- Success Criteria
17. convenience
-  No. For your convenience
18. facade:the front of a building
- The Android and iOS clients registers with DeeMobilePushService via the DeeWebsiteCoralService facade
19. corollary(formal,something that naturally follows or results from another thing)
- So, as a corollary, we have no way to know if a device can receive cloud-initiated directives.
20. gibberish:foolish, confused, or meaningless words

### 2
1. sanitation:the process of keeping places free from dirt, infection, disease, etc., by removing waste, trash and garbage, by cleaning streets, etc.
- Diseases can spread from poor sanitation.
2. loafer: a low shoe with no laces — usually plural
- Should I change? - You're wearing loafers.
3. distress:unhappiness or pain : suffering that affects the mind or body.
- Lady in distress.
4. clunker:informal,an old car or machine that does not work well
5. receptacle:formal,a container that is used to hold something
- an electrical receptacle [=outlet]
6. shredder:a machine used for cutting something (such as paper) into long, thin pieces
7. stroller:US,a small carriage with four wheels that a baby or small child can ride in while someone pushes it
8. tankard:a large, metal cup for drinking beer that has a handle and often an attached lid
9. railing:a barrier that is made of rails supported by posts.
10. wordplay:playful or clever use of words.
- They're mocking you with wordplay!
11. plethora:a very large amount or number : an amount that is much greater than what is necessary.
- a plethora of information.
12. triathlon:a long-distance race that has three parts (such as swimming, bicycling, and running).
13. shoelace
- Last time,you pulled my pants down, and then you tried to choke me with my shoelace.
14. kitsch/kitschy:things (such as movies or works of art) that are of low quality and that many people find amusing and enjoyable.
15. limo/limousine:chiefly US,a vehicle (such as a bus or van) that carries passengers to and from an airport.
- a very large and comfortable car usually driven by a professional driver (called a chauffeur).
16. lounge:a room with comfortable furniture for relaxing: such as
a : a comfortable room where people can spend time while they are waiting in an airport or other public place.
17. eminence:a condition of being well-known and successful
- literary/social eminence [=prestige]
18. garment:somewhat formal,a piece of clothing
- expensive silk garments
19. brink:the edge at the top of a steep cliff — usually used figuratively to refer to a point that is very close to the occurrence of something very bad or (less commonly) very good.
- It was fun when we weren't on the brink of bankruptcy.
20. hangover:a sick feeling or condition that comes after drinking too much alcohol at an earlier time
- She woke up with a hangover.

### 3
1. methodology
- scientific theories and methodologies
2. misconception:a wrong or mistaken idea
- a common/popular misconception
3. tenure:the amount of time that a person holds a job, office, or title.
- Sign-on payments are allocated to you for year 1 and year 2 of your tenure with Amazon
4. hallmark:a quality, ability, etc., that is typical of a particular person or thing.
- Six Hallmarks of a Powerful Résumé
- John has designed a system to make interviewing a hallmark experience for candidates and a strategic advantage for your startup.
5. resort:a place where people go for vacations
6. ascension:the act of rising or ascending
- What a meteoric ascension.
7. diuretic:medical,a substance that increases the amount of urine you pass from your body.
- It's a diuretic.
8. blackout:a period when lights are off because of an electrical power failure.
- Did that blackout scare you?
9. denomination:the value that a particular coin or bill has
- Japanese coin,Lowest denomination.
10. outlet
- plenty of outlets.很多插座.
- There's not a lot of outlets out there.
11. decorum:formal,correct or proper behavior that shows respect and good manners
- It's important for you and your guests to maintain a certain level of decorum during the Commencement.
12. nook:a small space or corner that is inside something
- an old house full of nooks and crannies
13. bowing 鞠躬.
14. waist 腰部.
15. anonymity:the quality or state of being unknown to most people : the quality or state of being anonymous.
- Actually,our policy guarantees anonymity.
16. plight:a very bad or difficult situation — usually singular.
17. division
- That's like an entire division at Facebook.
18. decency:polite, moral, and honest behavior and attitudes that show respect for other people
- it's just common decency and decorum. 
19. juncture:an important point in a process or activity.
- We're at a pretty critical juncture right now.
20. serendipity:luck that takes the form of finding valuable or pleasant things that are not looked for.
- But I was only referring to the serendipity of the coincidence.我只想让你知道这有多巧合.

### 4
1. skipper:informal,the captain of a ship or boat.
- You wanted to see me, skipper?- I did indeed.
2. towel(毛巾)
3. witch:n,a woman who is thought to have magic powers
- you're a white witch.
4. dispensary:a place where medicine or minor medical treatment is given
- I went to the dispensary.
5. sentinel/sentry:a soldier who guards a door, gate, etc.
6. coup:an impressive victory or achievement that usually is difficult or unexpected.
- This is a coup.政变.
7. histogram
8. restitution:formal,the act of returning something that was lost or stolen to its owner.
- They are demanding the restitution of ancient treasures that were removed from the country in the 16th century.
- make full restitution 赔偿完全款.
9. plaintiff(原告)/defendant
10. rapport:formal,a friendly relationship.
- You and I have never really much of a rapport, have we?
11. felony:a serious crime (such as murder or rape).
- 4 imployees that conspired to commit felony fraud.
12. hallway
- This is not even a room . This is a hallway. 过道.
13. shuttle
- There's a shuttle stop on the ground level.一楼有摆渡车站.
14. peanut(a very small amount of money)
- This deal is peanuts.The platform could be worth a thousand times what the box is worth.
15. wheelhouse
- I've organized a lot of estate sale, so this is my wheelhouse.
16. mettle:strength of spirit,ability to continue despite difficulties
- He's shown mettle.
17. plumage:the feathers that cover the body of a bird
- maybe now I'll fan out my plumage.褪下我的面具.
18. repercussion:something usually bad or unpleasant that happens as a result of an action, statement, etc., and that usually affects people for a long time — usually plural.
- So, in other words, we have the right to terminate any of those people with no repercussions whatsoever.
- Mrs.Bruce said that not doing homework would have serious repercussions.
19. solidarity:a feeling of unity between people who have the same interests, goals, etc.
- Thank you for the solidarity by the way.谢谢你们的团结.
20. badge
- employee badge 工牌.

### 5
1. continuum:formal,a range or series of things that are slightly different from each other and that exist between two different possibilities
- a state program that aims to provide a continuum of care for low-income residents facing addiction.
2. sycophant:formal + disapproving,a person who praises powerful people in order to get their approval.
3. stunt:a difficult and often dangerous action,特技.
4. vibe:informal:a feeling that someone or something gives you
- I'm catching kind of a vibe.
- I met this guy at corporate last week, and we were just digging each other's vibe.
5. essence:the basic nature of a thing : the quality or qualities that make a thing what it is.
- time is of the essence. 时间至关重要.
6. impropriety:formal,noncount,rude or immoral behavior : improper behavior
- sexual impropriety
7. composure:noncount,calmness especially of mind, manner, or appearance
- She never loses her composure.
- regain my composure
- you lost your composure and ruined our entire case.
8. invective:formal,harsh or insulting words : rude and angry language.
- an overbearing, bullying boss who is fond of sending invective e-mails to long-suffering assistants
9. pamphlet:count,a small, thin book with no cover or only a paper cover that has information about a particular subject.
10. vengeance:noncount,the act of doing something to hurt someone because that person did something that hurt you or someone else.
- He swore vengeance [=revenge] against his son's kidnapper.
11. audacity:noncount,a confident and daring quality that is often seen as shocking or rude : an audacious quality.
- take revenge show that you have the audacity and the boldness to take revenge on their interviewer.
12. debut:count,the first time an actor, musician, athlete, etc., does something in public or for the public
- So one of the entries is in many ways my favorite is the debut night of Fantastic Features.
13. mural:count,a usually large painting that is done directly on the surface of a wall
14. gunk:informal,material that is dirty, sticky, or greasy
- Hey! Make sure to clean off all the gunk off the front bumper, ok.
15. incidence:the number of times something happens or develops : the rate at which something occurs.
- Our annual individual performance reviews showed a 20 percent incidence of sub-standard work.So essentially,one out of every five Hooli team members deserve to be fired.
- a disease with an incidence of one in 100,000.
- an increased incidence of cancer near nuclear power stations
16. coincidence:a situation in which events happen at the same time in a way that is not planned or expected.
- By coincidence, every man in the room was named Fred.
17. shocker:informal,something that shocks people.
- Their divorce was a shocker.
18. workaround:a method for overcoming a problem or limitation in a program or system.
- The software still has a few glitches but we've come up with a workaround.
19. backstabbing:noncount,harmful and unfair things that are said or done to hurt the reputation of someone.
- He accused his boss of dirty tricks and backstabbing.(U)
- backstabbing colleagues
20. oversight
- the action of overseeing something. 监督
- an unintentional failure to notice or do something. 疏忽
- It was just an oversight.

### 6
1. tremor:a shaking movement of the ground before or after an earthquake.
- a slight shaking movement or sound that is caused especially by nervousness, weakness, or illness.
- There was a slight tremor in her voice.
2. ritual
- shutdown ritual
3. cradle
- Silicon Valley is the cradle of innovation.
4. prophecy:count,a statement that something will happen in the future : prediction
- Thinking small is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
5. quintessence/quintessential(formal,perfect example)
- He was the quintessence of calm.
6. sketch:a quick, rough drawing that shows the main features of an object or scene
- He made/drew a sketch of his house.
7. triplet:a combination, set, or group of three things
- a triplet of colors
- I think this might be more efficient solution than checking every triplet of numbers in disarray.
8. disarray:a lack of order : a confused or messy condition
9. oxymoron:a combination of words that have opposite or very different meanings
- The phrase “cruel kindness” is an oxymoron.
10. playoff
11. heist:informal,an act of stealing something from a bank or store
- bank heists.
12. bomb
13. squad:a group of people who are involved in a particular activity
- a rescue squad
14. cadaver:formal,a dead body.
15. custody
- law : the legal right to take care of a child (such as a child whose parents are divorced)
- the state of being kept in a prison or jail — used after in or into
- She has sole custody of her daughter.
- Several suspects in the killing are in custody.
16. ordeal:an experience that is very unpleasant or difficult — usually singular.
- This lawsuit is going to be a protracted and time-consuming ordeal.
17. sideshow:a smaller show that is performed in addition to a main show.
- Their disagreement is just a political sideshow when compared to the real issues at hand.
18. checkmate:a situation in chess in which a player loses the game because that player's king is in a position from which it cannot escape.
- The challenger checkmated the champion and won the tournament.
19. stalemate:a contest, dispute, competition, etc., in which neither side can gain an advantage or win
- The budget debate ended in a stalemate.
20. tidings(old-fashioned,news)
- good/glad tidings

### 7
1. autopsy:an examination of a dead body to find out the cause of death.
- The vet's doing an autopsy.
- Her autopsy report says that her heart weighted 360 grams.
2. multitude:a great number of things or people
- This case has raised a multitude of questions.
3. heroin/fentanyl
- There are so much heroin and fentanyl on the streets these days.
4. overdose:an amount of a drug or medicine that is too much and usually dangerous.
- She died from a cocaine overdose.
5. cookout:a meal or party at which food is cooked and served outdoors
- She had been hosting a cookout for friends.
6. grudge:a strong feeling of anger toward someone that lasts for a long time
- I was still holding a grudge about it.
7. delight:a strong feeling of happiness : great pleasure or satisfaction
- The toy delighted the children.
- His expression when he saw the baby was one of pure delight. [=joy]
8. quote
- He began his speech by quoting Shakespeare.
- u can get quotes online or over the phone very quickly from dozens of competitors.
9. colossal:very large or great
- They were asking a colossal amount of money for the house.
- It was a colossal waste of time.
10. precinct:US,any one of the sections that a town or city is divided into when people vote in an election.
- If you call 911 or your local precinct and bring in a neutral third party to document the accident, you’ll be doing yourself a favor.
11. suite:a group of rooms that is used for one purpose
12. numerator/denominator.分子/分母
13. spectre/specter:a ghost or spirit of a dead person.
14. niche:a job, activity, etc., that is very suitable for someone
- She finally found her niche as a teacher.
15. timescale:a period of time whose size can be compared to other periods of time
- When considered on the 4.6 billion year timescale of the Earth, our lives can seem insignificant.
16. rampage(an occurrence of wild and usually destructive behavior)/rogue(old-fashioned : a man who is dishonest or immoral)
- The quick story is that Google Chrome Helper isn't really the problem. It tends to go on the rampage when there's a rogue extension or when Google Chrome’s plug-in settings are configured to run everything by default.
17. behemoth:something very big and powerful
- When google launched Gmail in 2004, the company wasn't quite the all conquering data-gathering behemoth we know today.
18. ploy:a clever trick or plan that is used to get someone to do something or to gain an advantage over someone
- But Google cleverly turned a problem into a marketing ploy.
19. diversion:formal : the act of changing the direction or use of something : the act of diverting something
- The bad weather forced the diversion of several flights.
- For anyone needing  diversion on the bus, train or in the office, a Fb quiz-usually put together by a third party- is often the first port of call.
20. gutter:a long, hollow device that is attached to the edges of a roof to catch rain and carry it away from a building

### 8
1. rote:the process of learning something by repeating it many times without thinking about it or fully understanding it.
- Rote learning. 死记硬背的学习.
- rote activity.
2. hypothesis.假设.
- Other chemists rejected his hypothesis.
3. exigency(needs):formal,something that is necessary in a particular situation.
- the exigencies requiring snap decisions that traders on the stock exchange face every day
4. proposition:something (such as a plan or offer) that is presented to a person or group of people to consider.
- a detailed investment proposition
- He made an attractive business proposition.
5. liability:the state of being legally responsible for something : the state of being liable for something
- your assets and liabilities. 你的资产和债务.
- The company is trying to limit its liability in this case.
6. lodging/lodge:a place where a person (such as a traveler) can stay for usually a short period of time : a place to sleep
- It can be difficult to find inexpensive lodgings in the city.
- they found a cheap lodging in a backstreet
- Several employees have lodged a complaint against you.
- I'd like to lodge a complaint.
7. amalgam:formal,a combination or mixture of different things — usually singular.
- The layered pattern can be seen as the amalgam of several tactics
- an amalgam of musical forms
8. magnitude:the size, extent, or importance of something.
-  a much smaller magnitude.
- If one appreciated a gift of such magnitude, then one would put up more of a fight before returning it.
9. drudgery:boring, difficult, or unpleasant work
- Use a tool—automation eliminates drudgery
10. omission:something that has not been included or done : something that has been omitted
- There are a few omissions in the list.
- Her omission from the team was surprising.
11. mnemonic:something (such as a word, a sentence, or a song) that helps people remember something (such as a rule or a list of names).
- To distinguish "principal" from "principle" use the mnemonic aid "the principal is your pal."
12. conduit(channel):technical:a pipe or tube through which something (such as water or wire) passes.
- The Analyst Role:Principal conduit between customer/user and developers
- Water flowed along the conduit to the fountain
13. jurisdiction:the power or right to make judgments about the law, to arrest and punish criminals, etc.
- Federal courts had no jurisdiction over the case
- His attorney claimed the court lacked jurisdiction in this matter.
14. commonality/commonalities(pl):formal,the fact of sharing features or qualities.
- a commonality of interest ensures cooperation
- one commonality between the two very different women is their passion for charity work.
15. variant
- A new variant of the disease has appeared.(n)
- Variant points of view(adj)
16. granddaddy(someone or something that is the first or oldest one in a particular area or field — usually + of)
- the granddaddy of all English mystery novels
17. inkling:a slight, uncertain idea about something : a slight amount of knowledge about something — usually singular
- I didn't have an inkling [=clue] of what it all meant.
- the records give us an inkling of how people saw the world
- Some things are universal about being a teenager: The budding sexuality and sense of identity, the dramatic emotions, the profound need for acceptance and confusing inklings of first love.
18. minutia/minutiae(pl)(small or minor details)
- He was bewildered by the contract's minutiae.
19. punctuation:U,the marks (such as periods and commas) in a piece of writing that make its meaning clear and that separate it into sentences, clauses, etc.
20. precedent:a similar action or event that happened at an earlier time
- the usual or traditional way of doing something
- behavior that may be explained by a precedent event in her troubled life
- The voters broke (with) precedent [=they did something that had not been done before] when they elected a woman to the position.

### 9
1. equity:formal,fairness or justice in the way people are treated
- I could even take less salary and more equity.
- I should get more equity than Dinesh.
- In making these decisions we should be governed by the principle of equity.
2. preliminary
- adj:coming before the main part of something
- something that comes first in order to prepare for or introduce the main part of something else — often + to
- a meeting to discuss seating arrangements that was merely a preliminary to the formal negotiating sessions
3. practicality(suitability):the quality of being appropriate or suited for actual use.
- The size of the machine makes me doubt its practicality [=suitability] for use in the home.
4. wizard:a person who is very good at something
- He is a wizard at math.
- A web site can have novice users, and a wizard makes complex tasks seem easy
5. novelty
- a novelty teapot
- Electric-powered cars are still novelties.
6. ramp
- a wheelchair ramp
7. spiral
8. anomaly
- Her C grade is an anomaly, as she's never made anything except A's and B's before
9. fidelity:the quality of being faithful to your husband, wife, or sexual partner
- Marriage is still glamorous and still thought to include, as an aspiration, lifelong sexual fidelity.
- they have never wavered in their fidelity to the cause of freedom
10. omission
- There are a few omissions in the list.
11. molecule
- There is not a molecule of evidence to support these charges.
12. schematics
- a schematic diagram of their business model
13. discrepancy
- there's a discrepancy between your account and his
- Discrepancies in the firm's financial statements led to an investigation.
14. plagiarism
- The student has been accused of plagiarism.
15. expulsion:the act of forcing someone to leave a place (such as a country or a school) : the act of expelling someone.
- The government engaged in mass expulsions.
16. preparedness:formal,the fact of being ready for something : the state of being prepared
- The military is in a state of preparedness.
17. disclosure(the act of making something known : the act of disclosing something)/closure
- non-disclosure agreement.保密协议
- We demand full disclosure of the facts.
- no closure. 没有结局.
- The government forced the closure of the factory.
- It is an attempt to speed the process along so we can bring it to closure .
18. provision:the act or process of supplying or providing something
- That was the provision.条款就是这么说的.
19. surveillance:the act of carefully watching someone or something especially in order to prevent or detect a crime.
- you're doing email surveillance.
- The bank robbery was recorded by surveillance video cameras.
20. inception:formal,the time at which something begins:beginning,start.
- Since inception, the people in the group have taken their task most seriously.
- We'll assist you at every stage from inception to completion.

### 10
1. bonus:an extra amount of money that is given to an employee.
- And,as an extra added bonus,he can actually do the job.
2. regiment
- a military unit that is usually made of several large groups of soldiers (called battalions).
3. purview:an area within which someone or something has authority, influence, or knowledge.
- The case is within the court's purview.
- That question is outside my purview.
4. autonomy:the state of existing or acting separately from others
- a teacher who encourages individual autonomy
- The territory has been granted autonomy.
5. distaste:a strong feeling of not liking someone or something
- He found the subject of their conversation very distasteful.
6. curveball
- Life has thrown him a few curveballs in recent years. [=he has had some difficult and unexpected problems in his life]
- Throw you a curveball like this.
7. arbitrage: the practice of buying something (such as foreign money, gold, etc.) in one place and selling it almost immediately in another place where it is worth more.
- suppose you are given a set of exchange rates among currencies and you want to determine if an arbitrage exists
8. syndicate:a group of people or businesses that work together.
- The company is owned by a syndicate of investors.
9. poise:a calm, confident manner.
- reparation is the key to a great interview and with practice, you will be able to answer some of the most commonly asked questions with poise and insight.
10. puncture: a hole or wound made by a sharp point.
11. spray:liquid that is forced out of a container in a stream of very small drops
- respray car
12. rancor:formal,an angry feeling of hatrewsd or dislike for someone who has treated you unfairly.
- Can we settle this disagreement without rancor?
13. impetus:a force that causes something (such as a process or activity) to be done or to become more active.
14. baloney(informal:foolish words or ideas : nonsense)
- That's a bunch of baloney if you ask me.
15. phrase:a group of two or more words that express a single idea but do not usually form a complete sentence.
- I was confused by your phrasing.
16. sleaze(:somewhat informal : behavior that is dishonest or immoral)
- sleazebag(informal: a dishonest or immoral person)
- an article exposing more Wall Street sleaze
17. etiquette:the rules indicating the proper and polite way to behave
18. heresy:a belief or opinion that does not agree with the official belief or opinion of a particular religion
- Because the teacher’s educational strategies were different from those of her peers, her ideas were considered to be heresy.
19. kitsch:things (such as movies or works of art) that are of low quality and that many people find amusing and enjoyable
20. discretion:the right to choose what should be done in a particular situation
- Exactly how much to tip a server is at the discretion of the customer.

### 11
1. overhype:excessive publicity or promotion.
- "You think the media is overhyping?" —Don Lemon
2. dividend(div·i·dend):finance,an amount of a company's profits that the company pays to people who own stock in the company
- Profits are distributed to shareholders as dividends.
3. hazard(s)(haz·ard):a source of danger.
- the tumbledown old barn was considered a fire hazard.
- She is a hazard to the other people of the office.
4. forte:something that a person does well.
- Public speaking isn’t your forte.
5. drill:instruction or training in military exercises.
- Every fall semester and every spring semester we conduct campus-wide evacuation drills.
6. roster(ros·ter):a list of the people or things that belong to a particular group, team, etc.
- His name has been added to the team roster.
- The team has a roster of 40 players.
7. oddity(odd·i·ty):count,a strange or unusual person or thing.
- Her shyness makes her a bit of an oddity in the business world.
8. cadence:a regular beat or rhythm.
- a much quicker cadence of application development.
- the steady cadence of the drums
- the microservices approach enables a much quicker cadence of application development.
9. bloat:too much growth.
- big, bloated monolithic applications.
- Nasty Culprits of Belly Bloat
10. afterthought:something done or said after other things because it was not thought of earlier.
- Creating and maintaining service contracts is a difficult task that should not be taken lightly or treated as an afterthought.
11. showstopper:an act, song, or performer that receives so much applause that the performance is interrupted
- The issues identified in this chapter are complex, but they certainly aren’t showstoppers.
12. tenet:formal,a belief or idea that is very important to a group.
- Component sharing is one of the core tenets of SOA.
13. superstition:a belief or way of behaving that is based on fear of the unknown and faith in magic or luck : a belief that certain events or things will bring good or bad luck.
- It is a common superstition that a black cat crossing your path is bad luck.
14. contempt:a feeling that someone or something is not worthy of any respect or approval.
- He feels that wealthy people view him with contempt because he is poor.
15. dysfunction/dysfunctional.
- the condition of having poor and unhealthy behaviors and attitudes within a group of people
- family dysfunction
- He hated spending holidays with his girlfriend's dysfunctional family.
16. sentiment:an attitude or opinion.
- an expression of antiwar sentiments.
17. idiom/idiomatic
18. friction
- Oil in a car engine reduces friction.
19. homage:respect or honor.
- It was nice to pay homage to him.
20. hurdle:something that makes an achievement difficult.
- There are four hurdles to jump.
- Look for questions with multiple hurdles.

### 12
1. sperm
- sperm patty
2. nightgown:a loose dress that is worn in bed especially by women and girls.
3. duress:formal,force or threats meant to make someone do something.
- He gave the information under duress.
4. impediment:something that makes it difficult to do or complete something.
- a speech impediment
5. charcoal
6. acquisition
- the acquisition of knowledge
7. gut:informal — used to talk about feelings, ideas, etc., that come from your emotions and from what seems true or right rather than from logic or reason.
- He knew he had to trust his gut [=instincts] and do what felt right.
- At the end of the interview, the interviewer will walk away with a gut feel for how you did.
- He knew he had to trust his gut(instincts) and do what felt right.
- And i'm going to go with my gut, and that's ryan.
8. randomness.
- pure randomness.
9. upsurge:a rapid or sudden increase or rise — usually + in or of.
- an upsurge of anger
- a recent upsurge in crime
10. slant:a direction, line, or surface that is not level or straight up and down.
- Left of upright slant.左上方倾斜.
11. disposal:the act of throwing something away,the act of giving control or ownership of land, possessions, etc., to someone.
- at sb's disposal
- They should have that tool(hash table) at their disposal.
12. epic: a long poem that tells the story of a hero's adventures
13. retention:formal,the act of keeping someone or something.
- the recruitment and retention of good employees
14. manifesto:a written statement that describes the policies, goals, and opinions of a person or group.
15. severance:formal,the act of ending someone's employment.
- severance package
- we'll give you enough severance to cover you to your next job.
16. pajamas:clothing that people wear in bed or while relaxing at home.
17. jaw,下巴.mower:a machine used for cutting the grass on lawns
18. freight:goods that are carried by ships, trains, trucks, or airplanes
- trains that carry both passengers and freight.
19. laminate:a product made by pressing together thin layers of material.
- The kitchen counters are made of plastic laminate.
20. rest
- You bring these bags in, and I'll bring the rest. [=the remainder]
- I need a rest.[=break]

### 13
1. mutiny:a situation in which a group of people (such as sailors or soldiers) refuse to obey orders and try to take control away from the person who commands them.
- I risk having a mutiny on my hands.
- A mutiny forming in the warehouse right now.
2. caveat:formal,an explanation or warning that should be remembered when you are doing or thinking about something.
- All of this with the caveat that you don't have enough money for even a minuscule(tiny) ad buy.
3. sentiment:an attitude or opinion.
- I agree with this sentiment, to a point. The biggest problem with only working 9-5 and never putting any time in on your own to learn new technologies is that your skills will become stale.
4. crotch:the part of the body where the legs join together
5. torment:extreme physical or mental pain
- No one could understand his inner torment.
6. rigor:the difficult and unpleasant conditions or experiences that are associated with something.
- You go through the rigors of due diligence.
7. compensation:something that is done or given to make up for damage, trouble, etc.
- Milestone-based compensation can be especially helpful for aligning incentives.
- If you're unhappy with your compensation,maybe you should take it up with HR.
8. wiggle
- wiggle room
- Some elements have a lot of wiggle-room.
9. stipulation:something that is required as part of an agreement.
- The only stipulation is that you have to register.
10. payout:a usually large amount of money that is given to someone
- With this insurance policy there is a maximum payout of €2,500.
11. inbound:traveling into a place
- inbound flights [=flights coming to an airport].
12. traction:the power that is used to pull something
- A few years ago, I started a company with a few friends that ultimately produced 3 distinct products that each achieved impressive traction.
13. bevy:a large group of people or things — usually singular.
- they come away feeling grilled or discouraged after trying to answer a bevy of questions.
14. stumble:to hit your foot on something when you are walking or running so that you fall or almost fall.
- After a few stumbles, the economy was back on track.
- The entirety of their recent stumbles.
- Your recruiter can be your biggest advocate, even pushing to re-interview you if you stumbled on your first interview.
15. prerequisite
- While it's not a prerequisite to be a Mac user, you should at least be familiar with the system.
16. cardinal: one two three four five. ordinal: first, second,third, fourth, fifth.
17. overhead:costs for rent, heat, electricity, etc., that a business must pay and that are not related to what the business sells
- The reason is hash table has some overhead in maintaining its property.
- Her company has very little overhead.
18. jive:informal + somewhat old-fashioned,informal language that includes many slang terms
19. litter:things that have been thrown away and that are lying on the ground in a public place
- We decided to pick up the litter in the park.
20. savagery:a cruel or violent quality : a savage quality.
- The savagery of the attack was horrifying.

### 14
1. chastity:the state of not having sex with anyone : the quality or state of being chaste
- In general, they were just much less obsessed with female chastity than europeans were.
2. taboo:a rule against doing or saying something in a particular culture or religion
- Sex is a taboo subject for many people.
- In this company, dating a coworker is considered taboo.
3. critique:to express your opinion about the good and bad parts of (something) : to give a critique of (something).
4. ingenuity:skill or cleverness that allows someone to solve problems, invent things, etc.
- ingenuity and creativity.
- Man first landed on the moon in 1969. It was an amazing feat of human ingenuity.
5. lump:1)an area of swelling or growth on your body2)a small piece or mass of something
- Look at that lion! It’s eating a huge lump of meat.
- Like signing bonuses, stock compensation between companies can be compared by amortizing it over three years and then lumping that value into salary.
6. arena:a building for sports and other forms of entertainment that has a large central area surrounded by seats
- The business-to-business market is different from the B2C arena and often requires a different approach to growth hacking.
7. labyrinth:a place that has many confusing paths or passages.
8. jackpot:a usually large amount of money won in a game of chance.
- It was kind of hitting the jackpot for him at that age.
9. cathedral:the main church of an area that is headed by a bishop
10. galleon:a large sailing ship used especially by the Spanish in the 1500s and 1600s
- The Spanish wanted to colonize Florida to set up military bases to thwart the pirates who preyed on silver-laden Spanish galleons coming out of Mexico.
11. servitude:formal,the condition of being a slave or of having to obey another person.
-  penal servitude
12. captivity:the state of being kept in a place (such as a prison or a cage) and not being able to leave or be free : the state or condition of being captive.
- Big Cats in Captivity
13. metaphor/metaphorical:a word or phrase for one thing that is used to refer to another thing in order to show or suggest that they are similar
- By making a metaphorical comparison between a complex problem and a recognisable situation, other people can understand what’s meant right away.
14. cruelty:a desire to cause others to suffer : the quality or state of being cruel
15. conundrum:a confusing or difficult problem.
- He is faced with the conundrum of trying to find a job without having experience.
16. kludge/kludgy:awkwardly or inelegantly made or done.
- a kludgy computer system
17. jeopardy:in a situation in which someone or something is exposed to possible injury, loss, or evil : in danger
- His laziness caused the company to perform badly last quarter. Moreover, his attitude toward the board has put his job in jeopardy.
18. referendum:an event in which the people of a county, state, etc., vote for or against a law that deals with a specific issue : a public vote on a particular issue
- The issue was decided by referendum.
19. scrutiny:the act of carefully examining something especially in a critical way.
- Her opinion is based on a careful scrutiny of the text.
20. statehood:the condition of being a state
especially : the condition or status of being one of the states of the U.S.
- California was 60 years away from statehood when the Constitution was signed, for instance.

### 15
1. autograph:a signature, especially that of a celebrity written as a memento for an admirer.
- autograph is for celebrity, signature is for normal people.
2. libido: a person's desire to have sex
- Your libido will drop , and finally you can get five minutes of peace and quiet without thinking about sex all the time.
3. abomination:something that causes disgust or hatred
- you are much better off auditing a couple of sloppy 300-line changelist than a single 600-line abomination.
- Some people view the sculpture as art while others see it as an abomination.
4. slog:1)informal,a long period of hard work or effort 2)a long, difficult walk.
- Wildland firefighter training starts with a wet slog.
- It will be a long, hard slog before everything is back to normal.
- Why did mine turn into a three-week slog through passive-aggressive much while Bob's was a two-day breeze?
5. sake:the benefit of someone or something — used in phrases with for to say that something is done to help a particular person or thing
- The parents worked hard for their children's sake.
- Please do it for her sake. [=do it for her; do it to help her]
6. affront:formal,an action or statement that insults or offends someone.
- I took it as an affront,
- A lie is an affront to the soul, as well as an insult to the intelligence of the person to whom one lies.
7. stapler:订书机
- Hand me that stapler , then fetch me a soda.
8.  guillotine: 断头台.
- shinier guillotine
9. gut
- Tools will come and go,but your brain and your gut will be here with you for the rest of your life.
10. periphery:formal,the outside edge of an area : the area that surrounds a place or thing — often + of.often used figuratively.
- A "Boundary Class" is a class that lies on the periphery of a system, but within it.
- As the kids walked around the periphery, they were invited to pluck a few mint leaves and have a nibble.
11. nil:none at all : zero.
- COS displays an error message if the user’s order history is nil.
12. stalemate:a contest, dispute, competition, etc., in which neither side can gain an advantage or win./stale(adj)
- He immediately recognized the situation for what it was : a stalemate.
13. euphemism:a mild or pleasant word or phrase that is used instead of one that is unpleasant or offensive
- using “eliminate” as a euphemism for “kill”
14. momentum:the strength or force that something has when it is moving
14. morale:the feelings of enthusiasm and loyalty that a person or group has about a task or job
- Stuff that you don't like is a painful drag on morale and momentum.
15. stimulant:something (such as a drug) that makes you more active or gives you more energy.
- stimulant abuse.
- the relaxed zoning regulations should serve as a stimulant for development in the area
16. stamina:great physical or mental strength that allows you to continue doing something for a long time.
- Beeween interruptions like meetings and emails, the time you have available to focus on code is scarce.Your mental stamina is even shorter supply.
- Vegetarian items to boost your stamina.
- Grit is having stamina.
17. willpower: the ability to control yourself.
- I don't have much willpower when it comes to sweet things, so I mostly just try to keep junk foot out of the house.
18. sarcasm:the use of words that mean the opposite of what you really want to say especially in order to insult someone, to show irritation, or to be funny.
- a voice full of sarcasm
19. handover:the act or process of giving control of someone or something to another person, country, etc.
- I will handover the final homework#2 document by tomorrow.........can you build table of contents?
- the police officer ordered the suspect to hand over his weapons
20. slayings 凶杀案.

### 16
1. interpretation/interpretive
- We could write a strongly-Worded letter.Words will never be enough.Strongly-Painted picture.
- No, pictures are too interpretive.
2. remedy:a medicine or treatment that relieves pain or cures a usually minor illness.
- a remedy for fever.
3. dispensation:1)an act of providing something to people.2) permission to break a law or an official promise you have made : release from a rule, vow, or oath.
- The couple have requested (a) special dispensation from the Church to allow them to marry.
- The ship's doctor handled the dispensation [=distribution] of medicine
4. adherence
- He was noted for his strict adherence to the rules.
5. empathy:the feeling that you understand and share another person's experiences and emotions.
- Customer empathy.
6. retribution:formal,punishment for doing something wrong.
- The killer acted without fear of retribution.
7. vanity:something (such as a belief or a way of behaving) which shows that you have too much pride in yourself, your social status, etc. — usually plural.
- I'm dissolving this committee.What? Come on, this is a work place.It isn't designed for your vanity.
8. disservice:something that harms or damages someone or something.
- usually used in the phrase do a disservice
- Calling him a liar does him a great disservice.
9. ultimatum:a final threat : a promise that force or punishment will be used if someone does not do what is wanted.
- He gave her an ultimatum - she could either stop seeing Peter and come back to him or it was divorce.
10. grief:deep sadness caused especially by someone's death.
- I'm in grief.
11. malware
- Additionally, the administration alerted the public that Russia is targeting the U.S. energy grid with computer malware that could sabotage the systems.
12. landmark
- In the landmark book The Mythical Man-Month.
13. backbone:the most important or strongest part of something
- She is the backbone of the family.
- He showed some backbone by refusing to compromise his values.
14. vigilance/vigilant(adj):carefully noticing problems or signs of danger
- Constant vigilance is the only possible response to the terrifying Rise of The Machines.
- Her group studied 27 subjects during four hours of simulated driving and found vigilance decreased in about 21 minutes on average.
15. aplomb:confidence and skill shown especially in a difficult situation
- He showed great aplomb in dealing with the reporters.
- you've handled a difficult situation with perfect aplomb
16. sanity:the condition of having a healthy mind : the condition of being sane.
- The sanity of the decision was never in question.
17. outlay:formal,an amount of money that is spent
- Maintaining a horse requires considerable outlay.
18. conjecture:formal,an opinion or idea formed without proof or sufficient evidence ,guess.
- conjectures about the newcomer were many and varied
- Most of the book is conjecture, not fact.
19. concurrence:formal,the state of agreeing with someone or something : agreement.
- The concurrence of heavy rain and strong winds delayed the plane's departure.
- looked for some sign of concurrence among the delegates to the conference
20. ledger:a book that a company uses to record information about the money it has paid and received.

### 17
1. speck:a very small piece or spot.
- we're all just little, tiny specks of dust.
2. rivalry:a state or situation in which people or groups are competing with each other.
3. favouritism:the unfair practice of treating some people better than others.
4. livelihood:a way of earning money in order to live.
- This isn't a game, you know? It's our livelihood! What about a raise based on merit?
5. rugby(橄榄球)/lacrosse(长曲棍球)
6. overtone:an idea or quality that is suggested without being said directly(hint)
7. billboard:a large sign for advertisements that is next to a road, on the side of a building, etc.
8. testis:technical
9. misery:extreme suffering or unhappiness
- I'm effectively leveraging your misery.
10. retainer 定金.:an amount of money that you pay to someone (such as a lawyer) to make sure that you will have that person's services when you need them.
11. godsend:1)something that provides great and usually unexpected help when it is needed — usually singular2)a very helpful person — usually singular.
- There is a driver with a sign waiting at the airport to take them to a comfortable hotel—which was an absolute godsend for me.
12. quitter:informal + disapproving,a person who easily gives up or stops doing something : a person who quits.
- You are just jealous I have a salary,quitter.
13. outreach:the activity or process of bringing information or services to people.
- Okay, we use that money to do outreach,tutorials.拓展.
14. prerogative:formal, a right or privilege.
- Alex makes all the big decisions - that's his prerogative as company director.
15. inbreeding:a process by which animals, plants, or people are born from or produced by closely related parents.
- The entire Nucleus program was the result of inbreeding.
16. moderator:someone who leads a discussion in a group and tells each person when to speak : someone who moderates a meeting or discussion.
- I'm a moderator, not an advocate.
17. farewell
- Consider it my farewell dinner.就当我的散伙饭吧.
18. malfeasance:illegal or dishonest activity especially by a public official or a corporation.
- His legal team would uncover our malfeasance.
19. auntie:阿姨.
- My auntie and uncle are coming to visit.
20. receptionist
- Do I have to pull the receptionist in here?

### 18
1. tub:a wide container used to hold something.
- That's my popcorn.You have seven tubs(桶) of it.
2. recourse:an opportunity or choice to use or do something in order to deal with a problem or situation.
- You have no recourse.
3. stairwell: a space in a building where stairs are located.
- There are 16 stairwells.
4. ebb
- ebb and flow
- We have come to a permanent ebb.
5. deck
- That means we have to rewrite our entire deck.
6. inroads
- I made some major inroads with John.
7. tampon
8. selfie
9. neutrality
- the fundamental neutrality of the Hooli-Search algorithm.
10. misstep
- A misstep of that magnitude, there is no excuse.
11. iconoclast/iconoclastic(adj)
- Besides, I'm wearing sandals so I am iconoclasting a little bit.
12. overheard
13. countertop
14. fountains
- Are there any water fountains in your office?
15. sweat
- It's not magic, it's talent and sweat.
16. camaraderie
- The camaraderie is quite apparent.
17. grand
- 600 grand a year.
18. rollout
19. paradigm
- Video compression is a completely different paradigm.
20. atrocity
- These people are guilty of acts of appalling atrocity.

### 19
1. scourge
- With these bottles, We eliminate the need for plastic water bottles, Which are the scourge of the environment.
2. flattery
3. smokescreen
4. hassle
- It took me an extra 15 minutes to get across the border. Major hassle.
5. funnel
6. snot
- She's just full of snot.
7. deductible
- You're covering his deductible? 你也付他自费的一部分吗?
8. funeral
- funeral expenses.
9. wreck
- If u get into a wreck the insurance company will help you cover your losses.
10. nosebleed
- get a nosebleed in front of anyone.
11. degradation
- without degradation
- environmental degradation
12. rubric(category)
- the rubrics at the beginning of the chapters are intended to be humorous
13. peril/perilous
- People are unaware of the peril these miners face each day.
-  Of course, the service now has to deal with all the perils of denormalization such as data inconsistency.
- If you are in a perilous visa situation, you also have to solve for that at the same time, unfortunately.
14. opacity
- Critics have noted the opacity of her writing style.
15. wonder
- It has made wonders for me.
16. ailment
- There's all sorts of odd ailments that hit in the 40's because evolution.
17. cardio
- YOu can get it whenever you want. Still it helps with the cardio.
18. paradise
- Welcome to the paradise where you can pick any type of fonts that you would want.
19. hodgepodge
- the exhibit was a hodgepodge of mediocre art, bad art, and really bad art
20. crunch
- 4 Reasons Why You Should Not Do Crunches
- I think we're going to have to crunch our burn-rate again.
- to calculate numbers or process information
- The project seems worthwhile, but you have to crunch the numbers to see if it’s affordable.

### 20
1. lunatic/lunatics(plural)
- People are lunatics about smoking here.
2. debt
- He is trying to pay off gambling debts.
3. overkill
- Now it's definitely overkill for this course but I wanted to make you aware that they exist.
- This might seem like overkill.
4. leeway
- Are employees held to the same standards as typical candidates?Essentially yes, although there is a bit more leeway.
- They give their students leeway to try new things.
- The fault-tolerance expert is given some leeway in not satisfying all the architectural drivers.
5. buzzword
- Although the underlying concepts aren’t new, Microservice is one of the biggest buzzword of the two last years.
6. mustache
7. rundown
- I need a rundown of your clients.
- They gave us a rundown on the main points of the news.(an item-by-item report or review : summary)
8. nuance, pl:nuances
- Nuances of flavor and fragrance cannot be described accurately.
- He listened to the subtle nuances in the song.
9. squiggle
- His handwriting looks like a bunch of squiggles.
- a pediatrician's waiting room full of squiggling toddlers
10. vernacular(the language of ordinary speech rather than formal writing)
- writes essays in a very easy-to-read, vernacular style
- this can teach you the vernacular we use in other parts of product to make thing make sense.
11. monotone
- She spoke in a monotone voice.
12. uptime
- We need to maximize network uptime.
13. agenda
- There are several items on the agenda for tonight's meeting.
14. ensemble.
- in the ensemble
- We went to listen to a new jazz ensemble.
15. atomicity
- A very simple consistency requirement is that of failure atomicity.
- The application either terminates normally, producing the intended results, or is aborted, producing no results at all.
16. connotation
- For many people, the word “fat” has negative connotations.
17. perception
- The show started off making fun of the goofy grandiosity of the tech industry, but the current perception of Silicon Valley is more critical.
18. collateral
- Invention requires not having to live with the collateral damage of failed experiments.
19. deferral/deferment/postponement
- Two dozen other states permit tax deferrals, according to the report.
- She requested a six-month deferment on her loan.
20. prank. n. 恶作剧.
- John pranking me.

### 21
1. courtesy
- They treated us with courtesy and kindness.
2. logistics
- logistics teams
- the logistics of a political campaign]
3. parallelism
4. consensus
- There is a lack of consensus among the citizens.
- We tried to get a consensus of opinion and it proved to be easier than I thought.
5. synergy
- synergy!双赢.
- good teamwork creates synergy.
- A synergy has developed among the different groups working on this project.
6. ramification(consequences)
- The early design decisions constrain the decisions that follow, and changing these decisions has enormous ramifications.
- They discussed the possible ramifications [=consequences] of the new treaty.
7. synopsis
- synopsis outline
- I don't need to know every little plot twist; just give me a synopsis of the movie.
8. jitter
- The jitter of the response
- Do you know the best way to calm your pre-interview jitters?
9. fallout:a bad effect or result of something
- concerned about the possible political fallout from the scandal