### 1
1. mandatory/optional
2. temporary/permanent
3. dubious
- These fields are all of dubious value
4. polyglot
5. explicit:very clear and complete : leaving no doubt about the meaning
- They were given explicit instructions.
6. imminent:happening very soon
- We are awaiting their imminent arrival.
7. gradually
- How do both Gradually Roll Out and Cut Over plan work? What are the Pros/Cons?
8. transitive:having or taking a direct object
9. regardless
- It may rain, but I will go regardless.
10. stellar:very good,excellent
- To ensure our customer experience is stellar, we have a company expectation that all system owners provide round the clock support for critical issues.
11. flaky:tending to form or break apart into thin pieces.
12. kinetic:of or relating to the movement of physical objects
13. transient:not lasting long/persistent
14. heterogeneous:formal,made up of parts that are different
15. beefy:large, strong, and often fat
- This allows you to have a potentially heterogeneous fleet where some workers are beefier than others.
16. intrusive:annoying someone by interfering with their privacy : intruding where you are not wanted or welcome
- If this CM is intrusive, what services will be affected?
- Will this CM be in any way intrusive, and if so, how will you know?
17. cumbersome:hard to handle or manage because of size or weight
18. premature/prematurely
- This ticket was cut because https://tt.amazon.com/0170358895 was resolved prematurely.
19. historic
- DMS team used historic data to project the TPS requirement.
20. colossal: very large or great

### 2
1. victorious:having won a victory or having ended in a victory
- They were victorious over their enemies.
2. menace:n,a dangerous or possibly harmful person or thing — usually singular
- Those dogs are a menace.
2. menacing
- "R" is among the most menacing of sounds.
3. stubborn:refusing to change your ideas or to stop doing something
- You're stubborn.
4. soaking:n/adj,an act of leaving something in a liquid for a long time,an act of making someone or something very wet
5. countless:too many to be counted : very many
- we have countless times.
6. bespoke:made to fit a particular person,custom-made
- a bespoke suit
7. in-house:created, done, or existing within a company or organization
- an in-house investigation/adviser
8. preemptively/preemptive:done to stop an unwanted act by another group, country, etc., from happening
- The country took preemptive action against the perceived enemy.
- I am going to preemptively change the batteries in your wireless mouse.
9. gracious:very polite in a way that shows respect
- that's so gracious[=kind, courteous] of you.
- He graciously obliged.
10. martial:of or relating to war or soldiers
- as we all know,the one thing that thousand-year-old martial arts do all the time is change.
11. vivacious:happy and lively in a way that is attractive — used especially of a woman.
12. insolvent:adj,not having enough money to pay debts.
12. solvent:able to pay debts
- Many insurance companies are under pressure to increase premiums to stay solvent.
- you are functionally insolvent.
- The company has become insolvent. [=bankrupt]
13. foul:very unpleasant to taste or smell
- Oh,you're that foul man that kept talking about intercourse.
14. fictional:relating to fiction; invented for the purposes of fiction.
15. sublime:very beautiful or good : causing strong feelings of admiration or wonder
- Her paintings are sublime.
16. tipsy:unsteady or foolish from drinking : slightly drunk
- I got a little tipsy at the party last night.
17. plastered:very drunk,not used before a noun [more plastered; most plastered] informal
- I got/was totally plastered at the party.
18. lachrymose:tending to cry often,tending to cause tears
- a lachrymose drama
19. murky:very dark or foggy,not clearly expressed or understood
- He has a wonderful idea as to how to get us out of this murky murky situation.
20. mediocre:not very good/mediocrity
- We are surrounded by mediocrity and contentment.

### 3
1. lethal:causing or able to cause death
- non-lethal :非致命.
- a potentially lethal dose of a drug.
2. prosthetic/prosthesis:an artificial device that replaces a missing or injured part of the body
- a usable prosthetic appendage.可用的附加假肢.
3. privy (to):allowed to know about (something secret)
- There's a lot at play that you are not privy to. 很多内情你并不知晓.
- I wasn't privy to their plans. [=I didn't know about their plans]
4. blocky:short and thick
- The picture is so blocky.
5. articulate:able to express ideas clearly and effectively in speech or writing
- He is very articulate.
- when you are in an  emotional state, you become highly inarticulate.
6. spineless:disapproving,lacking courage or strength
- spineless VCs.
7. shitty:very bad or unpleasant
- It's really shitty.
8. hefty:large and heavy
- payroll alone is going to be pretty hefty.
9. hostile:not friendly,having or showing unfriendly feelings
- This is the most hostile and aggressive act of provocation I've ever had to endure.
10. integral:very important and necessary
- Industry is an integral [=essential] part of modern society.
11. supportive:giving help or encouragement to someone
- I was cool and supportive.
12. morbid:not healthy or normal
- This might be morbid.
13. bereaved:sad because a family member or friend has recently died
- bereaved women.
14. incessant:continuing without stopping : not stopping — used to describe something that is unpleasant or annoying
- The neighbors were bothered by the dog's incessant barking.
15. aforementioned:always used before a noun formal,mentioned before,spoken about or named earlier
- The aforementioned book is the author's most famous work.
16. profuse/profusely:given, produced, or existing in large amounts
- They were profuse in their thanks.
- apologizing profusely.不停的道歉.
17. inexplicable:not able to be explained or understood
- for some inexplicable reason.也不知道是因为什么.
18. inextricably:impossible to separate,closely joined or related
- The name John will be inextricably linked with that of Nucleus.
19. negligent:failing to take proper or normal care of something or someone
- Well, I ran down John in my car.Did you do this on purpose?No,I was being negligent.
20. defunct:formal,no longer existing or being used
- But instead,you walked away to wrangle extension cords for a company that will be defunct in maybe 30 hours.

### 4
1. distinguished:known by many people because of some quality or achievement
- distinguished guests.
2. frivolous:not important,not deserving serious attention
- That lawsuit we know to be frivolous.
3. diplomatic:involving the work of maintaining good relations between the governments of different countries : of or relating to diplomats or their work
- not causing bad feelings,having or showing an ability to deal with people politely
- I trust Erlich can be diplomatic and pull it off.
4. soulless:having or showing no special or interesting qualities
- The houses in the new development are completely soulless.
5. advantageous:helpful or favorable,giving an advantage to someone
- it's really advantageous for you take the call when it comes.
6. immaculate:perfectly clean,having no flaw or error(perfect)
- John obsessed on designing and refining an immaculate interview process.
7. inherent:belonging to the basic nature of someone or something
- Soft skills are inherent qualities that some people have and some people don't.
8. disenchanted(dissatisfied):no longer happy or satisfied with something
- Interviewers can also get disenchanted,when,instead of following the thread of the conversation.
9. tenacious/tenacity(n):not easily stopped or pulled apart : firm or strong
- The company has a tenacious hold on the market.
10. sane/insane/insanity
- having a healthy mind : able to think normally
- No sane person could do something so horrible.
11. repugnant:causing a strong feeling of dislike or disgust
- often + to,The idea was completely repugnant to us.
12. bittersweet:combining sadness and happiness
- I realize this may be bittersweet.
13. gutsy:very tough or brave
- That was the gutsiest thing I've ever seen.
14. pumped:informal,excited and enthusiastic about something
- your pumpedness makes me pumped.
15. unprompted:done or said by someone who has not been asked or reminded to do or say anything
16. unethical/ethical:morally bad,not ethical
- The would be unethical.
17. harmonious:not experiencing disagreement or fighting.
- in a harmonious and productive manner.
18. preposterous:very foolish or silly.
- That's preposterous.一派胡言.
19. contemptible:not worthy of respect or approval,deserving contempt
- I also happen to find him contemptible.
20. onerous:difficult and unpleasant to do or deal with
- But in many applications, that's too onerous of requirements.
- Your onerous terms not withstanding,I'm very excited to be a part of your VR play.

### 5
1. demented:not able to think clearly or to understand what is real and what is not real : crazy or insane.
- You're demented!
2. reassuring:making someone feel less afraid, upset, or doubtful
- I found it really reassuring to have a dedicated buddy to help me through my first week.
3. stupendous:so large or great that it amazes you
- Digesting the stupendous amount of information new Hubbers are exposed was made much smoother having someone to walk me through how it all works.
4. tardy:slow in moving, acting, or happening
- He can be both tardy and fresh.拖延且.
5. unwitting/unwittingly:not aware of what is really happening,not intended or planned
- The unwitting victims of a drug dealer.
- an unwitting mistake
6. astute:having or showing an ability to notice and understand things clearly,mentally sharp or clever
- He is quite astute.
7. exquisite:finely done or made.
- It's going to be exquisite.
- The ice skater practiced so much that her routine was exquisite.
8. untoward:bad or unfavorable,not good,not proper or appropriate
- Unless anything untoward happens we should arrive just before midday.
- But the rest I won't talk about.  It's untoward.
9. unbiased:not having or showing an unfair tendency to believe that some people, ideas, etc., are better than others : not biased
- unbiased people
10. staggering: astonish or deeply shock.
- apart from the party expenses,which were staggering.除了非常惊人的party开销.
- the time and space complexity are staggering.
11. hedonistic
11. hedonism:n,the belief that pleasure or happiness is the most important goal in life
- hedonistic relationship.
12. thorny:very difficult or complicated.
- This is thorny. 真麻烦.
- The thorny issue of taxation.
13. intolerable:too bad, harsh, or severe to be accepted or tolerated : not tolerable.
- This is intolerable.
14. abysmal:extremely poor or bad
- Their daily active user numbers are abysmal.
15. indisposed:not willing or likely to do something — followed by to + verb
- slightly ill,not feeling well
- Are you indisposed?
16. animated:full of life and energy
- a lot of animated characters have rough starts.
17. seamlessly
- A and B should integrate seamlessly.
18. unspeakable:very bad or evil
- as unspeakable as that thing.
19. intoxicated:affected by alcohol or drugs,especially:drunk
- If you appear to be intoxicated you won't be allowed to participate in Commencement.
20. sturdy:strongly made
- Wear sturdy, comfortable shoes. You’ll be walking long distances, often on grass and uneven surfaces.

### 6
1. unwavering:continuing in a strong and steady way : not changing or wavering
- unwavering will
2. vehement/vehemently:showing strong and often angry feelings : very emotional.
- Despite vehement opposition from his family, he quit school and became an actor.
3. proactive:controlling a situation by making things happen or by preparing for possible future problems
- Companies are going to have to be more proactive about environmental management.
4. accommodating:willing to do what someone else wants or requests
- She seems less accommodating to the demands of her boss than she used to be.
5. gratuitous:not necessary or appropriate
- There were too many gratuitous personal insults throughout the debate.
6. barely: hardly or scarcely — used to say that something was almost not possible or almost did not happen
- And I barely have any responsibilities.
7. infectious:capable of being easily spread to other people
- That laugh is so infectious.
8. monetary:of or relating to money
- this should be accompanied by a monetary prize
9. incendiary:containing chemicals that explode into flame : producing a fire
- causing anger
- incendiary words/language
10. raunchy:very dirty, smelly, etc.
- a raunchy smell
11. chipped:damaged by having a small piece broken off at the edge or on the surface.
- I warmed my spirits with coffee in a chipped cup
12. contagious:able to be passed from one person or animal to another by touching
- Failure is contagious.
13. preliminary/preliminaries(n):coming before the main part of something
- The preliminary [=early] results of the experiment are encouraging.
14. unsubstantiated:not proven to be true
- unsubstantiated claims/rumors
15. impending:happening or likely to happen soon
- Impending crash of Hooli's stock
16. lascivious:filled with or showing sexual desire
- lascivious acts/thoughts
17. fascinating:very interesting or appealing
- I found the whole movie fascinating.
18. formidable:very difficult to deal with
- a formidable obstacle
19. ajar:not used before a noun,slightly open.
- We left the door ajar so that we could hear what they were saying.
20. convertible:able to be changed into another form
- a convertible sofa [=a sofa that converts into a bed]


### 7
1. appellate:having the power to review and change the decisions of a lower court
- an appellate court
2. primal:formal,very basic and powerful,used especially to describe feelings that are like the feelings of animals and that seem to come from a part of human nature that has existed since ancient times
- primal urges/instincts
3. irate:very angry
- We have received some irate phone calls from customers.
4. irony:the use of words that mean the opposite of what you really think especially in order to be funny
- a writer known for her clever use of irony
5. managerial:relating to the skill or process of controlling and making decisions about a business or organization
6. incomprehensible/comprehensible:able to be understood
- a comprehensible [=intelligible] explanation
7. rad(cool):very appealing or good
- I got to warn you,though ,It's pretty rad. 我可提醒你,真的很赞.
- The Google of music,which is a really rad way to pitch something.
8. dubious:unsure or uncertain,feeling doubt about something — usually + about
- He was pursuing a number of extremely dubious positions.
- privide dubious value.
9. intangible:not made of physical substance,not able to be touched,not tangible
- The true value of college education is intangible.
10. congenital:existing since birth
- always used before a noun,informal,naturally having a specified character
- congenital diseases.
- He's a congenital liar. [=he's a liar by nature; he has always lied a lot and is likely to continue to lie]
11. beneficent/beneficence:doing or producing good
- a beneficent leader/aunt
12. commutative:
involving the condition that a group of quantities connected by operators gives the same result whatever the order of the quantities involved, e.g., a × b = b × a.
13. proportional:having a size, number, or amount that is directly related to or appropriate for something
- proportional to
- The number that do hit the cache is proportional to the number of coins (the branching factor).
14. susceptible:easily affected, influenced, or harmed by something
- He is very susceptible to colds. [=he catches colds easily]
15. rife:very common and often bad or unpleasant
- The office was rife with rumours.
- Dysentery and malaria are rife in the refugee camps.
16. rusty:covered with rust
- My tennis skills are a little rusty.
17. pathological/pathologic:extreme in a way that is not normal or that shows an illness or mental problem.
- He is a pathological liar.
18. pejorative: insulting to someone or something : expressing criticism
- a word with pejorative connotations
19. henceforth:formal,from this time forward,starting now
- Henceforth, supervisors will report directly to the manager.
20. crisp:clean, smooth, and somewhat stiff
- Crisp answer

### 8
1. competent:having the necessary ability or skills
- You eventually end up in big trouble as every other company want that new skill and you are incompetent.
2. deceptive:misleading,intended to make someone believe something that is not true
- The low price is deceptive. [=deceiving, misleading] Many fees are added to it before the purchase is complete.
3. scented:having a pleasing smell.
- What'd he get? - He got scented candles.
4. petulant:having or showing the attitude of people who become angry and annoyed when they do not get what they want.
- Hurt, petulant jesus.
5. compatible:able to exist together without trouble or conflict : going together well
- I would like an xbox and A tv that's compatible with an xbox.
6. slippery:difficult to stand on, move on, or hold because of being smooth, wet, icy, etc.
- It's a little slippery out here.
7. nonsensical:very foolish or silly
- So you've been shown a nonsensical video.
8. crass:having or showing no understanding of what is proper or acceptable : rude and insensitive
- A few people seemed shocked by her crass comments.
9. jurisdictional/jurisdiction:the power or right to make judgments about the law, to arrest and punish criminals, etc.
- His attorney claimed the court lacked jurisdiction in this matter.
10. childlike
- a childlike drawing/voice
11. even-tempered:not easily upset or made angry
- He is pretty e·ven-tem·pered.
12. colloquial:using an informal style
- a colloquial word/expression
13. optimal/optimum/optimally/suboptimal
- optimal:best or most effective
- suboptimal:less than the best or most desirable
- the optimum approach would be to form five disjoint subsets Si,...,S5 of S.
14. flawed:having a mistake, fault, or weakness
- Not describing the details of the actions they took makes them a flawed candi­ date, but not necessarily a flawed employee.
15. proprietary:of or like that of an owner.
- The publisher has proprietary rights [=the rights of an owner] to the manuscript.
- This is proprietary software, and you have no right to copy it without a license from the owner.
16. averse:having a clear dislike of (something) : strongly opposed to (something)
- He seems to be averse to exercise.
- She is not averse to taking chances. [=she is willing to take chances]
17. succinct:using few words to state or express an idea
- I thought she expressed her feelings most succinctly at the meeting.
18. versed:having knowledge about something — + in
- be versed in sth
- When a candidate blabbers on about a problem, it's hard for an interviewer who isn't well versed in the subject or projectto understand it.
19. retrospective:of or relating to the past or something that happened in the past
- Retrospectively, I can see where we went wrong.
20. ruthless:having no pity : cruel or merciless
- You know what, jim? With two santas in the room, things get ruthless.

### 9
1. beforehand:adverb,in advance : at an earlier or previous time
- We can build up the reverse integer one digit at a time. While doing so, we can check beforehand whether or not appending another digit would cause overflow.
- research the recruiter beforehand.
2. iconic
3. interchangeable:capable of being used in place of each other
- Please note that array questions and string questions are often interchangeable.That is, a question that this book states using an array may be asked instead as a string question, and vice versa.
4. amiable:friendly and pleasant
- Everyone knew him as an amiable fellow.
5. flawless:perfect
- a flawless [=perfect] performance
- They're making sure everything works flawlessly.
6. conversely:in a way that is the opposite of something else
- Large objects appear to be closer. Conversely, small objects seem farther away.
7. conclusive/conclusively:showing that something is certainly true.
- It is impossible to demonstrate/prove conclusively that the factory is responsible for the pollution.
- conclusively indicative of sociopathic tendencies.很明显的显示出.
8. atrocious: very evil or cruel or bad.
-  I created a résumé that, while atrocious in many respects, demonstrated my passion for technology and showcased my limited experience.
9. substantial:large in amount, size, or number.
- These debts can sometimes be substantial.
10. non-negotiable
- I'm afraid it's non-negotiable.没办法商量.
11. benevolent:kind and generous.
- a benevolent leader.
12. twitchy:nervous; anxious.
- I may be twitchy(nervous)
13. aggrieved:feeling anger because of unfair treatment
- John is the aggrieved party.受害方
14. uncanny:strange or unusual in a way that is surprising or difficult to understand
- She had an uncanny resemblance to someone I had seen before.
15. euphoria:n,
15. euphoric
- He was quite euphoric about speaking to you regarding a deal.
16. stealth
- a stealth rollout was the best idea.低调发布才是最好选择.
17. irritable
- She's 11 months pregnant and highly irritable.
18. vapid
19. nebulous
20. scuba
- Did one of you tell stanley that i have asthma, 'cause i don't.If it gets out, they won't let me scuba.

### 10
1. mighty
- The barbarians faced a mighty army.
2. ho-hum
3. wicked
4. obliged
5. permanent/permanently
6. divine
- To Iterate is Human, to Recurse, Divine.
- No divine inspiration allowed.
7. disjointed
8. singly
- The books in the set cannot be sold singly. [=(more commonly) individually]
9. outright
- They rejected the idea outright. [=altogether, completely]
10. laminated
11. latter
12. pedantic
- pedantic  comments.
13. bureaucratic
- Things had become more bureaucratic.
14. weary
- Here, sit down and rest your weary legs.
15. voluntary
- voluntary donations
16. uplifting
17. nimble
- a nimble [=quick, clever] mind
- a nimble [=agile] dancer
18. boundless
- She has boundless energy and enthusiasm.
- Her love for her baby is boundless.
19. bland
- The vegetable soup was rather bland.
20. filthy
- mediocre people filthy casuals

### 11
1. full-on(very great or to the greatest degree)
- The hotel specializes in full-on luxury.
2. pre-marital
- premarital sex
3. skinny
4. frugal
5. subtle/subtlety
- give yourself a subtlety of expression.
- Now there are some more subtleties to arrow functions.
6. stringent
- the stringent time-to-market constraints that prevail in a competitive climate such as web-conferencing would have prevented us from doing this.
7. sheen
- The conditioner gives hair a beautiful soft sheen.
8. periodic/periodically
- Understanding trees, graphs, lists, sorting, and other knowledge does come up periodically.
9. meaty
- You get to focus on the interesting, "meaty" parts of the code: the function that the question is really all about.
10. pseudo-
- pseudocode
11. qualitative
12. oftentimes
- oftentimes the interviews will even take a picture of the code that you wrote.
13. peripheral
14. lucrative
15. docile
- His students were docile and eager to learn.
16. brittle
17. contiguous
- She's visited each of the 48 contiguous states in the U.S., but she hasn't been to Alaska or Hawaii yet.
18. oddly
- She had never been there before, but the place seemed oddly [=strangely] familiar to her.
19. eternal/eternity
20. legit/legitimate
- you are too legit to quit.你这么正经的人就不会辞职.
- Are those number legit?

### 12
1. grasping
- a grasping, greedy man
2. pathetic
- Breakfast, lunch and dinner were catered by one of the best, Gramercy Park Catering. Definitely made Google food look pathetic.
3. sympathetic
- Mrs. John was sympathetic when she found out Ashley broke her arm.
4. brutal/brutality
5. unheard
- Their cries for help were unheard.
6. attentive
- The hospital is proud of its attentive staff.
7. unanimous
- we can’t reach a unanimous decision based on interview feedback alone.
- it's unanimous.Approved.
- a unanimous vote to upgrade the school's computer facilities
8. cynical(Basically means that you think negatively about everything.)
- She's become more cynical in her old age.
9. wretched
- families living in wretched poverty
- Listen, we are a paper company.How can we put our fine paper in this wretched machine?
10. woeful
- My skill set was woefully out of date.
- The student's grades were woeful.
11. clunky
- I drive a clunky old station wagon.
- even last year's laptops look clunky
12. mortal/mortally/mortality
- Your mortality is approaching and you suddenly realise time is limited.
- Can music save your mortal soul?
- We already are mortally embarrassed.
13. dandy
- Now everything is fine and dandy.
- This looks like a dandy [=fine, splendid] place to have lunch.
14. shameless
- The actor made a shameless plug for his movie.
15. contentious(controversial)
- Contentious politics in China
- The dispute involves one of the region's most contentious leaders.
16. phony=fake.
- Sometime, people will steal something from other people and pass it off as their own. And these people are called “phonies”.
17. unwieldy
- The system is outdated and unwieldy.
18. problematic
- inherently problematic
- Rules of grammar are more problematic for non-native speakers.
19. normative
- normative tests/grammar
20. emphatic/emphatically
- Even if my emphatic recommenda­tion could sway them to reconsider, he would surely get rejected in the later stages of the hiring process. There were just too many red flags.
- a man with emphatic [=strong, definite] opinions
- I emphatically vote.我郑重提议.
- When the code quality is low, emphatically request a split.
- Yellen responds to Trump: I can 'emphatically' say politics do not affect us

### 13
1. dismissive/dismissively
- she explained dismissively that these issues were not worth the engineering time to fix.
2. obstinate(stubborn)
- As you might guess,john's replies became even more obstinate.
3. backward
- economically backward countries
- my original approach was backward and bob's was quietly brilliant.
4. convoluted
- An F is reserved for code that is either functionally incorrect or so convoluted that you don't have confidence in its correctness.
5. either,adv,用于否定句.也.
- My other work didn't look so good on paper either.
6. nevertheless
- It was an undocumented system, built on deprecated infrastructure,but it was nevertheless  a critical components in production.
- I had lost a lot of money in the poker game; nevertheless [=however], I decided to continue playing.
7. liable
- He is liable for his wife's debts. [=he is responsible for paying his wife's debts]
- It's liable to rain.
- I was liable to lose several more in the grunt work of keeping it operational.
8. absurd
- Meanwhile, I couldn't complete any projects because Google kept interrupting them midway through and assigning me new ones. They dynamic felt absurd.
9. rather adv
- I would rather go to the movies than stay at home.
- These weren't Zucherberg hopefuls, but rather people who wanted to build modest, profitable businesses that pay their bills.
10. terse
- I am almost sure I am terse to the point of rudeness when replying emails.
11. innocuous
- All my to-do lists started out as innocuous tools to assist me in my life, but slowly transformed,each and every time, into thankless , soul training exercises in reductionism.
12. accusatory
- People accusatory fingers pointed at businessman.
13. exponential/exponentially
- Popular wisdom said that each promotion was exponentially harder than the last.
14. egregious
- an egregious example of political bias
15. virtuous
- When you start review immediately, you create a virtuous cycle.
16. moot
- Your low-level notes might become moot once the author integrates your high-level notes.
- The court ruled that the issue is now moot because the people involved in the dispute have died.
17. tedious
- The work is tedious, but it needs to get done.
18. dummy:  a person who is habitually silent
- dummy data
- We're going to do is make up an array of dummy to do's.
19. hideous
- Look at that hideous face.
- Donald Trump hair - hideous or handsome?
20. mad
- mad at sb
- What are you so mad about?
- If you keep teasing that dog, you'll make him mad.
- I really mad at user5 I want to wipe all their data.

### 14
1. omniscient
- In my head, the promotion committee was this omniscient and fair entity.
2. shrewd
- They'd see past all that and recognize me for high-quality code and shrewd engineering decisions.
- She's shrewd about her investments.
3. devious(sneaky)1)not straight or direct,having many twists and turns.2)willing to lie and trick people in order to get what is wanted
- he's as devious as a politician needs to be
- The devious criminal tried to hide from the police.
4. adorable
- The music is adorable.
5. conspicuous
6. erroneous
- erroneous assumption
- detect whether the program has entered an erroneous state
7. pernicious(per·ni·cious)
- She thinks television has a pernicious influence on our children.
- nondeterminism is a very pernicious form of complex behavior.
8. analogous(a·nal·o·gous)
- a town council and a government body that serves an analogous function.
- Facebook knows public perception of Zuckerberg is analogous to their view of the social network.
9. nuts:crazy, foolish, or strange:
- They're nuts.他们是傻瓜.
- You're nuts if you think you can go mountain climbing in a snowstorm.
10. pesky
- pesky mosquitoes
11. offhand
- I couldn't give them the figures offhand.
12. formulaic
- There is no formulaic way to write excellent requirements;
13. devoid
- the so-called comedy is totally devoid of intelligence, originality, and even laughs
14. chatty
- a chatty neighbor
15. faint.
- Some fans were so excited to see Brad Pitt that they fainted.
- We heard a faint noise.
16. clumsy
- However, split infinitives tend to be clumsy and unnecessary.
17. extravagant
- The film is notable for its extravagant settings and special effects.
18. phenomenal
- There are some really phenomenal teachers.
- the phenomenal ability to remember the names of thousands of people
19. steadfast/steadfastly
- He was steadfast in his support of the governor's policies.
- There are no steadfast rules.
- Mark was steadfast about what wanted to do.
20. avid
- I myself am an avid Kindle user and rarely read anything that's not on Kindle.
- avid blogger honing your grammar and punctuation skills
- avid for publicity/success.(urgently eager)


### 15
1. nasty(bad or very unpleasant)
- That nasty old man yelled at me just for stepping on his lawn!
2. timely/timeliness:the fact or quality of being done or occurring at a favorable or useful time.
- managers were happy with the timeliness of the deliveries
3. rarely
- Rarely, an individual might actively try to block the BA from working with the ideal contacts for some reason.
- I rarely drive above 60 mph
4. protracted
- he had certainly taken his time, even protracting the process
5. full-fledged
- coldlike symptoms that never quite develop into full-fledged colds
6. vague/vaguely
- he vaguely remembered talking to her once
7. fabulous
- He is making fabulous amounts of money.
- I had a fabulous time.The weather has been fabulous.
8. needy
-  needy and elderly people
9. sloppy
- This is sloppy. 这么做太草率.
- Your work has been very sloppy lately.
10. bulky
- bulky packages might cost more to mail
- He was a bulky man, military, in his mid to late thirties.
11. handy.
- a handy desktop encyclopedia
- And if you're handy with phone wiring, it could be your big weekend.(skillful)
12. apologetic
- They were apologetic about the error.We received an apologetic letter
13. unapologetic/unapologetically.in a manner that does not acknowledge or express regret.
- She was unapologetic about her remarks.
14. acyclic/cyclic
- cyclic changes in the weather
15. asymmetric/symmetric
16. filthy
- a filthy hospital with no sanitation
17. noxious
- they were overcome by the noxious fumes
- mixing bleach and ammonia can cause noxious fumes that can seriously harm you
- noxious fumes/waste
19. freelance
- a freelance journalist
20. imminent
- These patients are facing imminent death.
- I am recording this video just before the imminent release of JAVA 10.


### 16
1. sporadic.
- Sporadic events.
2. malicious.
- malicious behavior
3. stochastic
- Stochastic arrival.
4. rational/rationale
- the rationale for starting the school day an hour later is that kids will supposedly get an extra hour of sleep.
5. pertinent
- he impressed the jury with his concise, pertinent answers to the attorney's questions
6. tabular
- Results can be viewed graphically, printed or recorded as tabular data.
7. metabolic
8. viable
- He could not suggest a viable alternative.
9. laborious
- The colourful faces are the result of laborious work.
- the volunteers have been commendably laborious in their cleanup of the beach
10. unremitting
- She was recognized for her unremitting efforts to improve the lives of people in her city.
- unremitting rain that lasted for six days
11. infrequent
- My lawn didn't require cutting as often because rain fell infrequently .
12. malleable
-  infinitely malleable.无限可塑
13. inexorable
- the inexorable rise of a political movement
14. sparing
15. contented/contentment
- The baby gave a contented burp.
- Our dog leads a happy and contented life.
- he found contentment in living a simple life in the country
16. lackluster:lacking excitement or interest
- no excuses were made for the team's lackluster performance
17. provisional(temporary,tentative)
- The government has given provisional approval for the use of the new drug.
- We have tentative plans for the weekend.
- the baby's first tentative steps
18. fraudulent
- Corrupt leaders were chosen in a fraudulent election.
19. herein
- For an explanation of the abbreviations used herein, see the section entitled “Abbreviations in this Work.”
20. thereof
- We can also try to be more honest about our contribution, or lack thereof .


### 17
1. exhausted
- I mean I was just exhausted, totally exhausted. I could barely walk up a flight of stairs without panting and wheezing.
- I'm so exhausted. 我太累了.
2. exhaustive
- The list was long but not exhaustive.
- they must be exhaustive,that is cover all possibilities.
3. resilient
- how resilient it must be to erroneous input
4. erroneous
5. unambiguous/ambiguous
6. disgruntled
- one disgruntled former employee.
7. holistic
- We need to take a more holistic approach to improving our schools.
8. in-kind 实物的,非现金的.always used before a noun US.: made up of something other than money.
- The charity also accepts in-kind donations such as food or clothing.
9. vigorous/vigorously.
- She remained vigorous into her nineties.
- His speech was met with vigorous applause.
10. visionary/delusional/delusion
- Then I guess you are truly delusional.痴心妄想.
- I think you're an arrogant prick.自大狂妄.
11. reckless
- He is a wild and reckless young man.
- It is our case that he was reckless and negligent in the way he drove.
12. adversarial
- Lawyers enjoy being adversarial.
13. cognizant
14. hypocritical
- I watched your entire video and you talked the whole time.  I couldn't get a word in.  When are YOU going to listen mister?  Seems a little hypocritical of you.﻿
15. preferential
- Founded by two former Stanford PhDs, the company is still, many claim, preferential to engineers over other positions.
16. precocious
- A precocious child, she went to university at the age of 15.
17. quirky(The adjective quirky is often used to describe those unconventional things that are characterized by peculiar behavior or an unexpected point of view. Quirky is often used to describe people, but it can also refer to things that seem to possess an unexpected and unconventional element, like a quirky strategy or a quirky idea.)
- But be warned: these quirky résumé submissions may turn off the wrong company or recruiter.
18. excruciating
- Large blocks of text recounted in excruciating detail the features of the three C􏰂􏰂 games I’d created.
19. clueless
- what I submitted was the equivalent of a four-year-old’s crayon drawing: cute, perhaps, in an incredibly clueless way.
20. unprovable
- Why, then, does a candidate list his vague and totally unprovable love for running?


### 18
1. taxing
- The position of CEO is taxing.
2. scrupulous/unscrupulous
- an unscrupulous salesman
- Her report is scrupulous in its detail.
3. reproducible
4. sickening
- It's sickening, the way she gets her parents to do what she wants.
5. porous
- The border in this region is porous and many refugees have simply walked across.
6. cumbersome
- Some heuristic pruning can be applied,but the program grows very cumbersome.
7. uniform
- uniformly
8. methodical
9. meticulous
- Many hours of meticulous preparation have gone into writing the book.
10. parsimonious
- I think that politicians are often parsimonious with the (= do not tell the complete) truth.
11. evasive
12. detrimental
- These chemicals have a detrimental effect/impact on the environment.
13. belligerent
- become belligerent, or get swayed easily.
14. fiduciary
-  Your HR contact is a professional negotiator, whose fiduciary duty is to the company.
15. collegial
16. mandatory
- For unchecked exception , handling is mandatory.
17. ostensibly/ostensible
- Rous published 60 scientific papers after his ostensible retirement.
18. intractable
- we discuss strategies for coping with computationally intractable problems in Section 4.4 on Page 41.
- We are facing an intractable problem.
19. indecisive
- Don't be indecisive
20. pitiless
- They soliders were pitiless toward their enemy.


### 19
1. immaterial
- Whether the book is well or badly written is immaterial (to me) - it has an important message.
2. worrisome
- The possibility of fire is especially worrisome for people who live on the edge of the forest.
3. virulent
4. incognito
- during your probationary period should aim to be as incognito as possible.
5. perpendicular
6. doomed
- Greedy approaches are doomed.
7. narcissistic
8. pompous
-  A pompous liar.
9. obsolete
- One of the main challenges is to keep yourself updated and not become obsolete.
10. cumulative
11. exterior
- The exterior of the house needs painting.
12. facile
- He does not permit himself facile answers.
13. uneasy
- I feel a little uneasy about asking her to do me such a big favour.
14. wary
- I'm a little wary of/about giving people my address when I don't know them very well.
15. deterministic
16. intricate(complex)
- The code for computing the position for each character in the final result in a single pass is intricate.
17. baleful
18. arcane
19. adequate
- Your performance has been adequate.
20. shrill
- You're right, sometimes when she is tired, She can be a little bit shrill.


### 20
1. chronological
2. mundane
- The show was just another mundane family sitcom.
3. hysterical
- Calm down, you're getting hysterical.
- You're so educated, aren't you, toby? So trained to deal with a hysterical woman.
4. judgemental
- You must try not to be so judgmental about people.
- He's judgmental about everyone except himself.
5. perky
- You look very perky this morning.
6. gross(including everything)
- A person's gross income is the money they earn before tax is deducted from it.
-  extremely unpleasant:
- "Oh, gross!" she said, looking at the flies buzzing above the piles of dirty plates.
8. inconsiderate
- Our neighbours are very inconsiderate - they're always playing loud music late at night.
9. prudent
- He always listened to her prudent advice.
- You made a prudent choice.
10. indescribable
- It was indescribable.
11. screwed
- we are screwed. Branch is being shut down.
12. posh
- posh restaurant( (of places and things) expensive and of high quality)
13. saucy
- a saucy child
14. pungent
15. grumpy
- a grumpy old man
16. cushy
- cushy job
17. nifty
- a nifty pair of shoes.
18. amicable
- Carol and I split up amicably.
19. fiscal
- fiscal sense
20. merciless


### 21
1. subsequent
- In subsequent years he said he regretted his actions.
2. introspective
- introspective/outgoing.
3. yearling
- yearling calf
4. exuberant/exuberance
- irrational exuberance.
- His exuberant personality makes him fun to be around.
5. pessimistic/optimistic
6. telltale
- One telltale sign of a brake fluid leak is the presence of a small puddle of fluid when the car is parked.
- She found lipstick on his shirts - the telltale sign that he was having an affair.
7. tangled
- crazy tangled code.
8. loopy(stange or silly)
9. compulsory
- Swimming was compulsory at my school.
10. intermittent
- intermittent rain
11. snappy
12. turbulent/turbulence
- After my parents’ turbulent marriage came to an end, we finally had peace in our house.
13. courageous
- What a courageous venture.
14. infantile
- The more infantile, the more upset he is.
15. hypercritical
16. vacant
- Why don't we just leave that position vacant? Truth be told, I think I thrive under a lack of accountability.
17. discretionary
- discretionary income
18. slick
- What are you talking about? Very slick.
19. classy
- You look so classy in that picture.
20. absorbent
- absorbent paper.


### 22
1. dainty
- you just have little dainty fingers.
2. lopsided
- Feel a little lopsided 'cause of all the blood they took out of my right side.
3. sweaty
- I get very nervous talking to pretty girls.Seriously.Feel how sweaty my hand is.
4. woozy
- May i have a chocolate chip cookie? I gave blood earlier and i'm still feeling woozy.
5. thrifty
- They have plenty of money now, but they still tend to be thrifty.
6. thirsty
- Spark were thirsty for memory and processing power.
7. saturate
- However, things like backups, rebuilds, etc. can completely saturate it due to how much memory and SSD storage is present, so it does serve a purpose.
8. courteous
- The clerk were helpful and courteous.
9. perishable
- perishable food
10. stealthy
- the stealthy movements of the crocodile.
11. disastrous
- His failure to back up the computer files had disastrous consequences.
12. deliberate
- I don't think that was a mistake;I think it was deliberate.
13. wholehearted
- I wholeheartedly agree.
14. expository
- I'm taking an expository writing class this semester.
15. elusive
- elusive creatures
- the elusiveness of truth.
16. pressing
- For pressing matters, contact me on my cell phone at (650) 773-2003.
17. outlandish
- She liked to dress in outlandish clothes.
18. expansive(talking a lot)
- He was in an expansive mood on the night of the party.
19. commensurate
- a salary that is commensurate with skills and experience
20. ecstatic


### 23
1. conversant
- I'm not conversant with the rules of chess.
2. attainable
- make the goal attainable.
3. inclined
- No one seemed inclined to help.
4. blatant
- His behavior showed a blatant lack of respect.
5. permissive
- Amazon has been traditionally been quite permissive when it comes to English speaking skills.
6. plausible
7. prodigious
- (amazoning or wonderful: very impressive.)a prodigious achievement/effort/talent
- (very big)a prodigious amount
8. pictorial
- The exhibition is a pictorial history/record of the town in the 19th century.
9. retractable
- retractable cover
10. disparate
- The two cultures were so utterly disparate that she found it hard to adapt from one to the other.
11. complacent(self-satisfied)
- We have grwon too complacent over the years.
12. shabby
- The furniture was old and shabby.
13. introverted/introvert
- an introverted person
14. illiterate
- an illiterate person.
15. touchy
- Don't be so touchy.(sensitive). I was just kidding.
16. nauseous
- I began to feel nauseous.
17. stiff
- stiff,lifeless body.
18. repulsive
- I now find you repulsive.
19. allergic
- I'm allergic to cats.
20. meteoric
- I'm not saying I had a meteoric rise.


### 24
1. superstitious
- Some people are superstitious about spilling salt on the table.
2. ravenous
- John was ravenous by lunch time since he didn't eat breakfast.
3. sassy(having or showing a rude lack of respect)
- sassy children
4. jolly
- Feisty So she's not jolly or sassy?
5. grabby
- You need to learn to share and not be so grabby.
6. simultaneous
7. jaded
- He became jaded from years of work as a police officer.
8. flustered(upset or nervous)
9. witty(funny and clever)
- a witty talk/remark
10. infamous
- a city infamous for poverty and crime.
11. inferior/inferiority
- inferior
12. hungover
- That was a great party last night, but I'm (feeling) really hungover this morning.
13. standoffish
- she tends to be a bit standoffish with strangers.
14. parasitic
- Either way, these loops are often parasitic and limiting.
15. crap
- This car is crap.
16. subconscious
- Subconsciously, you may also compensate by choosing smaller, more realistic goals, and that's unfortunate.Plus, it's unpleasant.
17. religious
- They used the site religiously and I had to lie and tell them that things were great.
18. myopic
- But that myopic view misses out on the larger purpose and mission of the machine.
- He has criticized the government's myopic(shortsighted) diplomatic policies.
19. heroic
- It was heroic of those women to fight for the right to vote.
20. extrinsic
- One of the problems with having a goal-oriented,extrinsic mindset is that it treats the time between now and task completion as an annoying obstacle to be endured.


### 25
1. renowned
2. sarcastic
- Ryan has done a very good job. And I'm not applauding sarcastically.
3. carnal
4. unripe
- unripe fruit
5. feisty
- She's gorgeous and she's got a feisty personality.
6. frosty
- a frosty night.
7. blunt
- scissors with blunt.
8. innocent
- He says that he is innocent of the crime.
9. showy
- non-showy cars
10. hammered
11. voluntary/voluntarily
- They have to do it voluntarily.
12. tacky
- You won't be able to plan your stupid, tacky parties anymore.
13. berserk
14. petrified
15. precious
16. goofy(crazy or silly)
- SHe was making goofy faces at us in class.
17. climactic/anticlimactic/anticlimax
18. shattered
19. mischievous
- a mischievous child/smile
20. gritty(having or showing a lot of courage and determination)
- I admire her gritty determination to succeed.


### 26
1. sage
- I need your sage advice.
2. principled
3. effortless
4. contemplative
- She's in a contemplative mood today.
5. icky
- an icky taste.
6. abrasive
- A number of your clients found your personal style abrasive and distasteful.
7. tireless
- Tony is a tireless worker.
8. queasy
- The boat ride made me a little queasy.
9. downhill
- It is easier to ride a bike downhill than uphill.
10. desirable
- The house is in a highly desirable location.
11. pricey
- That's very pricey.
12. astronomical
- Our burn rate is astronomical.
- the number of paths is astronomical.
13. laudable
14. tolerant
- I'm a pretty tolerant boss.
15. consequential(important,result)/inconsequential(not important)
- I know it is  an inconsequential shit job.
- I'd rather fail at something awesome, than succeed at something inconsequential.
16. mega
17. frugal/frugality
- We have to be frugal with our glue so that it doesn't run out.
18. untenable/tenable
- They're untenable. 他们太不着调了.
19. unmistakable
20. mellow
- a mellow mood/atmosphere


### 27
1. lossless
2. aesthetic
- share a similar aesthetic.
3. shameful
4. numb
- Give it a week or two, you'll get, like, numb to it.
5. significant
6. erotic
- The first fiction ever published on a printing press was an  erotic tale.
7. airtight
- Biscuits will stay crisp if you keep them in an airtight container.
8. pointless
- It seemed pointless to continue.
9. assertive
- I, uh, don't wanna be too assertive here but I could use your input on a few things for the business plan.
10. statutory
- statutory obligations
11. cautionary
- The story is a cautionary tale of what can happen when greed takes over.
12. diabolical
- I know about your diabolical plan.
13. doctoral
14. ingrained
- These attitudes are very deeply ingrained in the culture.
15. doable
- It will be difficult, but it's still doable.
16. literally/figuratively
17. canonical
- Another canonical example where an ordering on the nodes of the graph matters is for program build dependencies.
18. secluded
- a secluded beach
19. forensic
- forensic medicine
20. sadistic/sadist(虐待狂)


### 28
1. participatory
- participatory democracy
2. volatile/volatility
- There are many stories about his volatility and volcanic temper.
3. skewed(not accurate or exact:not straight:)
- skewed tree.
4. residual
- Residual oil has to be cleaned up.
5. congruent/incongruent
- Our goals are congruent; there is no conflict.
6. composed
- She looked remarkably composed throughout the funeral.
7. morally
8. juvenile
9. horrendous
- This would be horrendously complicated, so don't even start going down this road.
10. vicious
- They're vicious beasts and they chase you down the street.
11. prime
- you're asking them to spend the primes of their lives on your vision.
12. candid/candidly
- Leaders listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully.
13. tactical
- tactical response team 技术响应小队
14. petty
- kind of petty.小题大做
- I'm the petty one.
15. posthaste
- Fine, I'll call the repairman,and he will come here and fix it posthaste.
16. edgy
- It's just so edgy.
- a very edgy artist.
17. trippy
18. twofold
- a twofold increase in spending
19. minuscule
20. envious
- Having the ability to work is something I am envious of!


### 29
1. compassionate
- a very compassionate person
2. brawny
- She would wrap her brawny legs around me and squeeze until I almost couldn't breathe.
- He was a big brawny man with huge hands.
3. fearless
4. aside
- Stand aside, please, and let these people pass.
5. obsessive
6. unconvincing
7. logarithmic
- Each operation costs logarithmic time complexity in the sliding window which size is min(k, n).
8. consecutive
9. invariant
- traits that are invariant throughout all mammals
- To prove the correctness of the algorithm, we define the loop invariant.
10. sheer/toll
- I underestimated the sheer amount of effort it would take, and the toll it would have on my team.
11. futile
- I support you,no matter how futile the effort. 我支持你,不管这招多没用.
- All our efforts proved futile.
12. stuffy
13. savvy
- Children today are much more tech-savvy than their grandparents.
14. time-honored:(of a custom or tradition) respected or valued because it has existed for a long time.
- One time-honoured startegy is to provide useful business intelligence to your target audience.
15. impeccable(flawless/perfect)
- The company's approach was a relatively crude but funny video, presented by the founder with impeccable comic timing around the strapline."Our blades are fucking great."
- He speaks impeccable [=perfect] English.
16. haunted/ghoul
- If you use a Mac and Google's Chrome browser, you may occasionally be haunted by a ghoul that goes by the name of “Google Chrome Helper.”.
17. painstaking
- The book describes the election process in painstaking detail.
18. indigenous
- There are several indigenous groups that still live in the area.
19. inquisitive/inquisition
- She was very inquisitive [=curious] as a child.
- His political enemies were conducting an inquisition into the details of his personal life.
20. perpetual
- I will grant you a perpetual license to use the algorithm in your video chat.我会给你们永久使用许可.
- He seems to have a perpetual grin on his face.


### 30
1. trivial/trivia
- many firms will ask so-called "trivia" questions
- Grant approveal when remaining fixes are trivial.
2. needless
- This adds needless code review rounds, wasting time for both author and reviewer.
3. brusque
- She asked for a cup of coffee and received a brusque reply: “We don't have any.”
4. legible
- It's just for us to write in a more easier way, more legible way, so that our code looks nicer.
5. erratic
- so far your effort to land a summer job has been very erratic.
- Your behavior in the last two years has been completely erratic.
6. bizarre/bizarrely
- You would expect reviewers to dial up their politeness in reviews, but bizarrely I've found them to go the opposite direction.
7. spontaneous/spontaneity
- Lists can close you off to spontaneity and exploration of things you didn't plan for.
8. superfluous
- Everything else is superfluous.
- Further discussion seemed superfluous.
9. rhetorical
- rhetorical question.
10. dutiful/dutifully
- I dutifully recorded all of the issues I spotted.
11. hectic
- documentation is going to be hectic only for me
12. inimical
- Is any of this inimical to the use of architecture?
- his father's inimical glare
13. foolproof
- DNA fingerprinting gives police a virtually foolproof way to link a suspect to a crime scene.
- We now have a foolproof schema that has good defaults and validation.
- Now this token is not foolproof.
14. up–front/upfront
- She's very upfront about why she wants the job - she'd earn a lot more money.
15. nowhere
- node modules directory is nowhere in sight.
- The book is nowhere to be found.
- Arguing will get us nowhere.
- I have nowhere to go.
16. cryptic
- Now when you run that command you're going to get a lot of cryptic output.
17. choppy
- choppy water
18. fictitious
- She gave a fictitious address on the application.
- The characters in the book are all fictitious.
19. hilarious
- Some people don't like his comedy, but I think he's hilarious.
- 39 Super Hilarious Pictures
- hilarious prank.
- It's hilarious.
20. uncluttered
- In order to keep the diagram uncluttered, you can repeat data stores and external entities.
- Her desk is always neat and uncluttered.


### 31
1. cavalier
- They are too cavalier in their treatment of others.
- She has a cavalier attitude about spending money.
- The writer is very cavalier [=careless] about the truth.
2. vexing.adj. causing or likely to cause vexation
- a vexing problem [=an irritating/annoying problem]
3. opinionated
- Those talk shows want opinionated pundits, not cautious, diffident debaters.
4. flaky
- flaky ideas about taxes.(crazy or eccentric)
5. relentless.showing or promising no abatement of severity, intensity, strength, or pace
- Her relentless optimism held the team together.
- Leaders have relentlessly high standards - many people may think these standards are unreasonably high.
6. unrelenting
- that professor tends to be unrelenting about deadlines
- She has endured unrelenting [=relentless] criticism.
7. fuzzy/fuzz(n)
- Without my glasses everything looks fuzzy.
8. seasoned.
- it's also a good refresher for the seasoned Java developer.
9. patriotic/patriot.
- Let’s think of the British government I’m always thinking about the British government part of my patriotic duty.
10. wobble
11. defective
- This computer is defective. I want my money back.
- defective brakes
12. handicapped
- He has been handicapped since his motorcycle accident.
13. akin
- something akin to gratitude overwhelmed her
- foxes are closely akin to dogs
- The two languages are closely akin.
14. superb
- a superb performance.
- They've done a superb job.
15. daunting
- Few things are more daunting than having to speak in front of a large crowd.
16. blazing
- She runs with blazing speed.
- the blazing logs in the fireplace cast a warm glow on our holiday party
17. dizzy
- The children were dizzy after spinning in circles.
- a dizzying mix of cloud apps.
18. eloquent/eloquently.
- an eloquent writer and speaker, Elizabeth Cady Stanton was one of the founders of the women's rights movement
- eloquent presentation
19. explicit
- They were given explicit instructions.
- the speaker's intentions were not made explicit
20. ignorant
- This is unbelievably patronising, ignorant and plain stupid.

### 32
1. extraneous
- An unlocked phone also means cleaner software, with no extraneous apps pre-installed by your carrier.
- extraneous information.
2. caustic
- She wrote a caustic report about the decisions that led to the crisis.
3. cozy
- The room was warm and cozy.
4. foremost
- Safety is their foremost concern.
5. jealous
- They were jealous of his success.
6. awful
- the place smelled awful
7. invaluable/indispensable
- Their help has been invaluable to us.
8. heterogeneous
- an ethnically heterogeneous population
9. meager/copious
- She came to this country with a fairly meager English vocabulary, but she is learning more words every day.
- The storm produced a copious amount of rain.
- she took copious notes
10. didactic
11. astray
12. unlit
- the path unlit.
13. insidious
- The more insidious loops are the voices of doubt, anger, and self loathing that infect our minds.
14. vocational
- they are merely vocational
15. desirous
- Deepak is highly desirous to learn new things.
16. fallacious
- His argument is based on fallacious reasoning.
17. scrappy
- I'm afraid your last essay was a very scrappy piece of work.
- Teams are scrappy yet thoughtful.
18. crappy
- MySpace had some crappy pages for brands that mirrored a user's profile but it wasn't very engaging.
19. sketchy
- It just feels sketchy.不靠谱.
20. judicious(having, showing, or done with good judgment or sense.)
- I made some judicious edits to capture your voice.
- You have multiple meeting rooms in the office and you want to make judicious use of them.


### 33
1. irresistible
- Women find him irresistible.
2. newfangled
- I really don't understand these newfangled computer games that my grandchildren play.
3. overwrought
- The witness became overwrought as she described the crime.
4. ballistic
- Dad went ballistic when he saw the dent in his car.
5. consensual
- consensual sex
6. vertical/horizontal
7. partial
8. bumpy
9. affirmative
10. empirical/empirically
- empirical data
11. ineffectual
- You're being weak and ineffectual.
12. debatable
13. matey(friendly)
14. surreal
- Driving through the total darkness was a slightly surreal experience.
15. wonky
- One of the legs on this chair is a bit wonky.
16. delish(DELICIOUS)
17. perverse
- Jack was being perverse and refusing to agree with anything we said.
18. tender
- What you need is some tender loving care.
19. obnoxious
- When she's in a bad mood she's obnoxious to everyone.
20. monolithic


### 34
1. frigid
2. shady
3. nefarious
- The company's CEO seems to have been involved in some nefarious practices/activities.
4. enamored
- Not everyone is enamored of steak.
5. interracial
- an interracial marriage/relationship
6. humungous/humongous
7. symmetrical
8. insatiable
- Like so many politicians, he had an insatiable appetite/desire/hunger for power.
9. horny
10. gruesome
11. psychotic
- "I like your dress, but I'd like it more if you had prettier hair." That's psychotic.
12. whimsy
- It will be a day for them that is full of whimsy and full of excitement and full of fantasy.
13. reversible
- Fortunately, the damage is reversible.
14. chipper
- Angela, you're more chipper than usual.
15. sully
- You can't let what you see sully your image of them.
16. effeminate
- We have a lot to do, and you are putting up a very effeminate sign.
17. festive
18. revolve
- Salesmen are so arrogant.They think the whole place revolves around them.
19. cordial
- I just invited jim to suck it,and i am cordially inviting all of you to a special convention.
20. monstrous


### 35
1. obscene
- the watermark was obscene and horrifying
2. masculine
3. intramural
4. jubilant
- There was a jubilant feeling in Philadelphia when the Eagles won the Superbowl.
5. devoted
- The students of Hillside are devoted Eagles fans.
6. livid
- I was livid when the dog ruined the project I spent three weeks building.
7. ferocious
- Amazon strongly believes that with the expansion rate of the company, the only way they can keep the company culture alive is by ferociously guarding their 14 leadership principles.
8. surmountable
- Any challenge or difficult situation is always surmountable, once you apply yourself and play to your teams strengths.
9. confrontational
- We cannot afford to have confrontational situations.
10. tactful
- Mentioning his baldness wasn't very tactful.
11. spacious
- New York's great, but spacious it is not.
- a spacious room
12. conventional(traditional or usual)
- The conventional wisdom of the time was that search was neither important,nor valuable.
13. ladylike
14. apprehensive
- Matt was apprehensive about starting in a new school this year.
15. suspicious
- Mrs.Braun had a suspicious feeling about the stranger in the parking lot.
16. comical
- The dog looked comical when he was running from the cat.
17. enthusiastic
- We are all enthusiastic about participating in field day.
18. consolidated
- As media power becomes consolidated , the potential for abuse becomes more serious.
19. dexterity/dexterous
- a dexterous movement
- mental dexterity.
20. fungal
- a fungal infection


### 36
1. improbable
- Accepting it as a gift, however improbable that may seem at the time.
2. acquainted
- Are you acquainted with the facts in this case?
- Are you two acquainted?
3. horny/horniness
4. insubordinate
- Well,you know Stanley was openly insubordinate.
5. restless
- He started to feel restless and discontent in his job.
6. skeptical
- I'm skeptical that he can win.
7. theoretical
- Instead of debating theoretical scenarios, we agreed that if 10% of people used it post-launch that we would keep the feature.
8. frenetic
- The celebration was noisy and frenetic.
9. generic
- Just a very generic animal.
10. shiny