### 1
1. replenish
- We'll replenish your account again the next time your balance falls below $5.00.
2. migrate/migration
- the migration steps.
- list of APIs being migrated
3. mitigate
- How does this CM attempt to mitigate this risk ?
- If your prod issue can be mitigated with a deployment rollback or weblab dialdown, we will require you to pursue that option first, before resorting to patching prod.
4. differentiate
5. expedite
6. propagate
7. escalate
- Backlog items that can get escalated or cause big impacting issues should be addressed on priority.
8. retrofit
9. tarnish
- It tarnishes customer trust.
10. urge
11. subscribe
12. dispel
- I want to dispel that confusion.
13. deprecate/deprecated
14. hinge(hinge on/upon (something) to be determined or decided by (something) : to depend on (something)).
- Are there any related, prerequisite changes upon which this CM hinges?
- The outcome of the election hinges on how the candidates perform in the debate.
15. spawn(to cause (something) to develop or begin : to produce or create (something))
- The health-food craze spawned a multimillion-dollar industry.
16. suppress
17. extrapolate
- We can extrapolate the number of new students entering next year by looking at how many entered in previous years.
18. remediate(provide a remedy for; redress or make right)
- the most serious flaws are easy to remediate.
- Tell me more about remediating a failure that might occur.
19. impersonate
- we let your one-click child environment impersonate its parent environment
20. abort
- we abort the run.

### 2
1. oscillate
- at this point we know we passed the saturation point, so we proceed to oscillate back and forth until we identify the number of concurrent connections that gives the highest possible tps.
2. degrade
- how latency degrades as you approach your maximum number of transactions per second.
- Pollution has degraded air quality.
3. recoup
- She recouped only a portion of her investment.
4. accumulate
5. irritate(ANNOY)
- The other passengers were irritated by the child's rudeness.
6. enliven
- Why don't you enliven me? I don't think you're good at making tough decisions.
- He enlivened his speech with a few jokes.
7. snitch
- Someone must have snitched to the police.
8. total(v,to damage something extremely badly)
- What? So your car's totaled.
9. gush
- There's a knife in your back and the blood is gushing down.
10. throb(to feel a pain that starts and stops quickly and repeatedly)
- My head is throbbing.
11. carp/carping
- He's always carping about his boss.
- You just ignore their carping.
12. plagiarize
- He plagiarized a classmate's report.
13. wedge
- Stupid thing wedged up there.
14. bribe/bribery 贿赂=kickback(s), kickback(s) also means resistance.
- You're bribing me.
15. wrestle/wrestler
- She wrestled him to the ground. 
16. limp
- why are you limping?  I don't know.
17. unionize
- It doesn't pay much and you can't unionize.
18. recall
- I suddenly recalled where I left my phone.
19. startle
- You startled me!
20. revolt
- People are starting to notice how terrible jim is.It's great.Eventually, they'll rise up and revolt.

-----
### 3
1. braid
- why don't you braid my hair?
2. enfranchise/disenfranchise(to set free (as from slavery),to give (someone) the legal right to vote)
- franchise:n,the right to vote,the right to sell a company's goods or services in a particular area.
- newly enfranchised voters
3. lob
- I was hoping to lob michael a soft ball question early.
- The reporters lobbed some easy questions at/to her. [=they asked her some questions that were easily answered]
4. rally
- a political rally
- I've always been the guy who can rally other people to rebel.
5. whack(to hit (someone or something) with great force)(to reduce (something) by a large amount)
- Congress whacked the budget by 1.5 billion dollars. = Congress whacked 1.5 billion dollars from the budget.
6. misquote(an act or instance of quoting something incorrectly)
- The mayor says that she was misquoted by the press.
7. rescind(REMOVE,TAKE BACK,CANCEL)
- I will rescind the offer.
8. poach
- Our own investor poached him.
- Poaching my tenants.
9. wet
- I'm not wetting the bed.
10. endure(to continue in the same state)
- I'll endure for your sake.
11. forgo(to give up the enjoyment or advantage of : do without)
- Thanks to everybody for forgoing your salary this week.
- I'll be forced to forgo those opportunities because of your mediocrity.
12. insist
- I'm going to have to insist that John be removed if I continue here.
13. ruin
- That gentleman next door has the power to ruin us.
14. resign/resignation
- I'm going to resign.
- Today I have accepted the resignation of John.
15. energize
- I felt very energized after my holiday.
16. cultivate
- skills that can be measured and cultivated in people.
17. enchant
- The book has enchanted children for almost a century.
18. rivet(to attract and hold all of someone's attention — usually used as (be) riveted)
- I was riveted by her story.
19. judder(to shake in a forceful way)
- you see that frame judder as the camera pans?
20. clench/unclench.收紧,放松.
- I think the eagles could clench the X.

### 4
1. emphasize/emphasis(n)
- Their father always emphasized the importance of discipline.
- emphasis on "independent".
2. counsel(to give advice to)
- I counsel any young founder today to pursue your dream not for profit or valuation.
3. vilify(defame/malign/malignant)(to say or write very harsh and critical things about)
- a powerful and malignant influence
- a highly malignant form of cancer
4. shove(a strong push)
5. entice/enticing(adj)
- That's a very enticing offer.
6. diffuse
- No, I'm totally kidding.I'm diffusing the tension with humor.
7. subtract
- If you subtract 5 from 9, we get 4.
8. grant
- permission granted
- I grant you.我同意你.
- I will grant you one wish.
9. rattle(to upset or disturb (someone))
- you try to rattle somebody to see if they freak out or not.
10. condescend/condescending(adj)(to show that you believe you are more intelligent or better than other people)
- You were arrogant,condescending and offensive.
11. hamstring(to damage or ruin the force or effectiveness of (something or someone))
- Hooli has the unlimited resources to hamstring you.
12. pledge(n)( a serious promise or agreement)
- can't collect your pledge.
- Jan called this morning and pledged $500.
13. decipher
- Mrs.John tried to decipher the sloppy handwriting.
- they were able to decipher the difference between yours and the others.
14. resonate
- Which Amazon leadership principle do you resonate most with?
15. whisk(to move or take (someone or something) to another place very quickly)
- David whisked me away to the kitchen for a beverage, and before long, the interviewing began.
16. oust
- He threw it to oust her.是为了排挤他.
17. absolve
- You're on the hook for that. And even declaring bankruptcy isn't going to absolve you of these debts.
18. earmark
- To put money aside for a specific future purpose. To mark the ear of an animal.
- Ten thousand dollars of this year’s budget is earmarked for the renovation of the building.
19. prevail
- do prevail 获胜.
- And did reason prevail over (= become a more powerful influence than) emotion?
- A friendly atmosphere prevailed among members of the team.
20. prosecute
- or I assure you,that,I will prosecute.

### 5
1. hustle
- I hustled up the stairs.
2. welsh
- We had a contract ,He promised to give us 5 million, and he's welshing.
- She welshes on her promises.
3. spite(ANNOY, OFFEND)
- And then Gavin promoted me just to spite you.
4. stake(risk,to risk an amount of money)
- we've staked substantial resources on its performance.
- I'm willing to stake my entire reputation on it.
5. taunt(to say insulting things to (someone) in order to make that person angry)
- Gilfoyle kept taunting me and taunting me.
6. intervene/intervention(n)
- anti-smoking intervention 戒烟教育.
7. vent
- vented her frustration on her coworkers
- I guess I just needed to vent.
- I didn't mean to upset anyone, I just needed to vent.
- (to express a negative emotion in a forceful and often unfair way)
8. agonize(vi,to think or worry very much about something — usually + about or over)
- It wasn't a rash decision.I agonized over it.
9. intoxicate/intoxicating(adj)
- He was intoxicated by her beauty.
10. obliterate(to destroy (something) completely so that nothing is left)
- The entire platform is obliterated.
11. invade
- Before we invade people's privacy, there is a conversation about ethics. 道德问题.
12. slip
- once you slip it on,everything will change.一旦你穿上这个衣服.
13. usher(to lead (someone) to a place)
- n, a person who leads people to their seats in a theater, at a wedding, etc.
- He will be ushering you out.
- It is my absolute pleasure to welcome you home as we usher in the 2018-19 academic year.
14. terrify
- Big dogs terrify me.
15. tank(fail completely, especially at great financial cost.)
- So we're tanking, and it's because we're too good. That's one way of looking at it.
- just tanked the whole project.
16. banish
- banished from my own company?
17. proclaim
- You publicly proclaimed.
18. harvest(to gather (a crop))
- It is time to harvest the wheat.
19. adamant(adj, unshakable or insistent especially in maintaining a position or opinion )
- She was pretty adamant. 她非常坚定
20. dismantle( to take (something, such as a machine or structure) apart so that it is in separate pieces)
- I dismantled all the racks.

### 6
1. penetrate/penetration
- Are you saying John never penetrated my network?
- Sunscreens can help reduce the penetration of ultraviolet rays into the skin.
2. masturbate
3. tinker(to try to repair or improve something (such as a machine) by making small changes or adjustments to it)(vi,often + with)
- In the north pole, I spend many nights alone Tinkering with toys.
- The car wouldn't start, but my brother tinkered with the engine a little and got it going again.
4. emasculate/emasculating(to make (a man) feel less masculine : to deprive (a man) of his male strength, role, etc.to make (something) weaker or less effective)
- Critics charged that this change would emasculate the law
5. concede( to say that you accept or do not deny the truth or existence of (something) : to admit (something) usually in an unwilling way)
- I concede defeat.
6. ingest
- The drug is more easily ingested in pill form.
7. reincarnate(to be born again with a different body after death)
- I've been reincarnated during the same time period in which I exist.
8. forgo(to give up the use or enjoyment of (something))
- I shall have to forgo the pleasure of seeing you this week.
- It is! Ten percent of Pied Piper! For which I forewent, yes, that's a real word, - one million dollars.
9. retract(to take back (something, such as an offer or promise))
- And now you're just gonna give me a seat on the board, only to retract that offer?!
10. renege(to refuse to do something that you promised or agreed to do,vi,usually + on)
- If you renege on the deal now, I'll fight you in the courts.
- You offering me a position on this board and reneging it is a perfect example of you having no vision, no balls and no game.
11. ramble/rambling(to walk or go from one place to another place without a specific goal, purpose, or direction)
- I'm just totally ramble. 我只是在瞎扯.
12. handcuff
13. demean/demeanor(to cause (someone or something) to seem less important or less worthy of respect)
- Is your ego so fragile that if someone disagrees with you,you have to demean them?贬低他们.
14. zoom(to increase suddenly,often + up)
- Housing sales have zoomed in recent months.
- Network executives are hoping to see the ratings zoom up overnight.
15. scramble(vi,always followed by an adverb or preposition : to move or climb over something quickly especially while also using your hands)
- We scrambled over the boulders and kept climbing up the mountain.
16. corrupt
- a politician corrupted by greed.
17. scuff(v,n)
- reduce scuff .减少磨损
- I scuffed (up) my new shoes the very first time I wore them.
18. ensue/ensuing(adj)
- When the news broke, a long period of chaos ensued. [=followed]
- In the ensuing weeks, [=in the weeks afterward] her health gradually improved.
19. jam( to fill (a place) completely)
- The drain tube is probably jammed.
- to fill (something, such as a door or a road) so that movement is slow or stopped,sometimes used figuratively
- All the telephone lines were jammed with calls from angry customers.
20. abduct
- He was abducted [=kidnapped] from his home.

### 7
1. drench(to make (someone or something) completely wet — often + with or in)
- just pick a day and just drench it in hawk urine.
2. beset(to cause problems or difficulties for (someone or something))
- It's funny, we're named Pied Piper , but we're beset with rats.
- He was beset by/with injuries this season. [=he suffered many injuries this season]
3. shutter(to close (a business, store, etc.) for a period of time or forever)
- shuttering Nucleus.
- They declared bankruptcy and shuttered the store.
4. reconvene(to meet again after a break)
- We will be reconvening tomorrow.
5. slander(to make a false spoken statement that causes people to have a bad opinion of someone)
- She's slandering my tech.
6. scrub(to rub (something) hard with a rough object or substance and often with soap in order to clean it)
- Did you just say John scrubbed the Internet? 删帖
- scrubbing
7. bounce
- Why are our checks bouncing?咱们的支票怎么无效了.
8. pivot
- I'm pivoting.
9. sway
- He swayed a moment before he fainted.
10. spook(to scare or frighten (a person or animal))
- The noise spooked the cat.
11. fart
- Does he fart a lot and smell like onions?
12. propel(to push or drive (someone or something) forward or in a particular direction)
- She was propelled [=motivated] by greed when she stole the money.
13. exude(to show (a quality, emotion, etc.) very clearly or strongly)
- exude confidence.
- She exudes authority/charm. [=she has a great deal of authority/charm]
14. overthink
- I overthink everything and worry too much.
15. retaliate(vi)
- If someone insults you, don't retaliate as it only makes the situation worse.
16. breach(to fail to do what is required by (something, such as a law or agreement) : to break or violate (something))
- That is a serious breach of protocol.
- breach of contract. 违约
- unjust enrichment 不当得利.
- We're in breach. 我们违约了.
17. abet(to help, encourage, or support someone in a criminal act)
- aiding and abetting.协助和教唆.
- it's abetting a crime.
18. scurry(vi,to move quickly and with short steps,always followed by an adverb or preposition)
- If i scurry to the restroom,do you imagine he would...
19. displease(to make (someone) feel unhappy or annoyed)
- I wouldn't want to do anything to displease him.
20. incense/incensed(to make (someone) very angry)
- I have never seen him so incensed.
- It is either an incense dispenser or a ceremonial sarcophagus.

### 8
1. spoon:(of two people) behave in an amorous way; kiss and cuddle.
- I saw them spooning on the beach
- John, I'm not asking you to spoon with the guy or even fork him.
2. swallow
- swallow your pride, or soon you'll be eating something far worse than shit.
3. disparage(to describe (someone or something) as unimportant, weak, bad, etc.)
- non-disparagement clause 禁止恶言条款.
4. conjoin
- The two rivers eventually conjoin.
5. outrank
- Promote other websites to outrank the bad Nucleus news.
6. loathe
- Ordinarily, I loathe coming to China.
7. spur
- What spurrd the sudden uptick.什么刺激了用户量突然增长.Well, I notice something.
8. budge(to change your opinion or decision — usually used in negative statements)
- I won't budge on that.我绝不退让.
- He wouldn't budge at all. = He wouldn't budge an inch.
- We tried to change her mind, but we couldn't budge her.
9. flatter(to praise (someone) in a way that is not sincere)
- I'm flattered.(to cause (someone) to feel pleased by showing respect, affection, or admiration)
- I'm flattered that he asked me out, but he isn't my type.
10. remedy(vt,to solve, correct, or improve (something))
- This mistake must be remedied immediately.
- It's a syntactical error that I could've remedied.
11. bifurcate
- We have to bifurcate our relationship.
- From this node(tree) they bifurcate.
12. anonymize
- We anonymize the data so researchers cannot identify any individual subjects.
13. salvage(to save (something valuable or important) : to prevent the loss of (something))
- salvage an interview and bring it back on track.
- After the fraud scandal he had to make great efforts to salvage his reputation.
14. juggle
- Juggling tasks makes everything take longer.
- I was juggling existing freelance work, holiday plans with my partner, as well as assignments and exam study for my last two subjects of my university degree
15. penalize(to punish (someone or something) for breaking a rule or a law)
- The present tax system penalizes poor people.
16. oscillate
- My emotions oscillate between desperation and hope.
17. blabber(on about)(talk foolishly, mindlessly, or excessively.)
- What are you blabbering about?
- When a candidate blabbers on about a problem, it's hard for an interviewer who isn't well versed in the subject or project to understand it
18. proofread
- Please get at least one native English speaker to proofread your resume.
19. rile(to make (someone) angry : to irritate or annoy (someone))
- US, informal : to make (someone) very excited — usually + up
- Don't let her rile you.
20. compose
- compose a text message.写一个短信.

### 9
1. swirl
- All I see is stars and swirls.
- the rumors swirling about your leadership.
2. entice
- entice them to download the app.
- One of the enticements of the job is the company car.
3. puke
- puked out a bunch of tech specs.
- vomit
4. pervert/perverted(having or showing sexual desires that are considered not normal or acceptable)
- She told him he had a sick and perverted mind.
- Movies that pervert the minds of young people by glorifying violence
5. revenge
6. tuck
- tucked inside this midtown manhattan high rise is an amazon prime warehouse.
7. ejaculate
8. perpetrate/perpetrator(to do (something that is illegal or wrong))
- Officers, I reveal to you the perpetrator.
- The police caught the perpetrators who robbed the bank.
9. spew(vomit)
- spewing ignorance!
10. tingle/tingling(to have a feeling like the feeling of many small sharp points pressing into your skin,to feel an emotion (such as excitement) very strongly)
- My arm/leg was numb and tingling.
- Everyone was tingling with excitement. [=everyone was very excited]
11. topple(to cause (something) to become unsteady and fall)
- The tree toppled and fell.
12. mimic(imitate)
- He can mimic [=imitate] the way his father talks perfectly.
13. regurgitate(to bring food that has been swallowed back to and out of the mouth)
- regurgitating knowledge
- Many students simply regurgitate what they hear in lectures.
14. convey/conveyor(transport)(to take or carry (someone or something) from one place to another)
- the transport of manufactured goods
- The singer was conveyed from her hotel to the airport by limousine.
15. recur
- The same problem keeps recurring.
16. triple v
- He tripled his winnings at the track.
17. belabor(to talk about (something) for too long : to repeat or stress (something) too much or too often)
- I don’t want to belabour the point, but it’s vital you understand how important this is.
18. disguise(to change the usual appearance, sound, taste, etc., of (someone or something) so that people will not recognize that person or thing)
- He tried to disguise his voice on the phone but I could tell it was him.
19. captivate
- We were captivated by her beauty.
20. flop(to fall, lie, or sit down in a sudden, awkward, or relaxed way)
- He flopped down onto the bed.

### 10
1. detonate/detonation(to explode or to cause (something, such as a bomb) to explode)
- They knew that the bomb could detonate [=blow up] at any time.
2. elevate
- The doctor told her to elevate [=raise] her leg.
3. usurp(to take and keep (something, such as power) in a forceful or violent way and especially without the right to do so)
- Some people have accused city council members of trying to usurp the mayor's power.
4. hop(to move by a quick jump or series of jumps)
- He hopped over the hot sand.
5. heckle(to interrupt (someone, such as a speaker or performer) by shouting annoying or rude comments or questions)
- You heckled santa for an hour and a half.
6. decapitate/decapitation(to cut off the head of (a person or animal))
7. rent/renter
- How much do you pay in rent?
8. infuse
- Find a way to infuse some positivity into the interview.
- She has infused her followers with confidence.
9. dissuade(to convince (someone) not to do something)
- Moreover, a good candidate who has a negative reaction to you or to the company is less likely to accept an offer-and they might dissuade their friends from interviewing/accepting as well.
10. cling(to hold onto something or someone very tightly)
- cling to sth
- She clings to the hope that her husband will come back to her.
- candidates can cling to each thing that might possibly sound positive or negative.
11. fluster(to make (someone) nervous and confused)
- Adding on a "scary" question might just fluster a candidate and cause him to underperform.
- Stop flustering me, everybody!
12. recite(to repeat from memory or read aloud publicly)/cite
- Sure, all else being equal, you might prefer someone who could recite the finer points of a two-inch thick algorithms textbook.
13. shrink
- Every new skill or attribute you evaluate shrinks the number of offers extended, unless you counter-balance this by relaxing the requirements for a different skill.
14. cluster(to come together to form a group)
- When you ask questions that are too easy, performance gets clustered together.
15. pluck(to pull (something) quickly to remove it)
- You can ask questions similar to these, but don't just pluck questions out of here.
16. opt
- With some of my clients, the CEO has even opted to not interview and to leave the company upon the acquisition.
17. slot
- I put my money in the slot and pressed the button but nothing came out.
- The CEO is often slotted into a product manager interview or a dev manager interview, as this is often the closest match for the CEO's current responsibilities.
- In other cases, the poor performance was a result of the employee being mis-slotted.
18. possess
- She possesses the unusual talent of knowing when to say nothing.
- Your interviewer will want to see that you possess this flexibility in your communication.
19. gleam
- He polished the table until it gleamed.
20. converge(Vi:to move toward one point and join together : to come together and meet)
- Due to roadworks, three lanes of traffic have to converge into two.

### 11
1. splice(to join ropes, wires, etc., by weaving or twisting them together)
- Merge two sorted linked lists and return it as a new list. The new list should be made by splicing together the nodes of the first two lists.
2. reclaim(to get back (something that was lost or taken away))
- You may be entitled to reclaim some tax.
- I reclaimed my suitcase from the lost luggage office.
3. sublet
- She sublet her apartment to a student for the summer.
4. fluff(to shake or move (something, such as a pillow) so that it is fuller, lighter, or softer,informal : to do (something) badly)
- The actor kept fluffing the same line.
5. condense
- Condense a book into 15 minutes for you to read.
6. cringe(to feel disgust or embarrassment and often to show this feeling by a movement of your face or body)
- Suppose our interviewer hits us with a question that makes us cringe: Can we do better?
7. falsify
- That was an anomaly.That file had been falsified.
8. dilate(vi,vt. to become larger or wider)
- I need to see your pupils.See if they're dilating.
9. scorn( to refuse or reject (someone or something that you do not think is worthy of respect or approval))
- to show that you think (someone or something) is not worthy of respect or approval : to feel or express scorn for (someone or something)
- They scorn the stuffy suits-and-ties atmosphere of their predecessors and elect to wear just jeans and a T-shirt.
10. flag/flagging:(of a person) become tired, weaker, or less enthusiastic.
- you guys have kind of been flagging.
11. exploit
- exploit us.剥削我们
12. implicate(vt, to show that someone or something is closely connected to or involved in something (such as a crime))
- All I can say without implicating you,is that I've instituted an operation to safeguard our interests.
13. defecate(vi, to pass solid waste from the body)
- defecate in my pants.
14. dip
- Whenever the price of Bitcoin dips below a certain value,it's no longer efficient to mine.
15. commend(praise formally or officially.)
- I commend you.
16. extricate(vt,to free or remove (someone or something) from something (such as a trap or a difficult situation))
- Then, we just need to extricate you from this situation.
17. salute
- I will salute you.
18. snub(vt,to ignore (someone) in a deliberate and insulting way)
- They’re likely to snub people who aren’t just like them.
- Did you snub me earlier?无视
19. devour(vt,to quickly eat all of (something) especially in a way that shows that you are very hungry)
- I will be the one devouring you.
- Have you ever seen a  lioness devour her cub?
20. emit
- Producer emits messages to exchange. Consumer receives messages from queue.

### 12
1. nag(vt,to annoy (someone) by often complaining about his or her behavior, appearance, etc.)
- It is not your job to nag around for tasks.
- Mom's always nagging me about my hair.
2. plummet
- it's plummeting.我们要完蛋了.
- I feel tired and my productivity plummets.
3. sap(vt,to use up the supply of (something, such as a person's courage, energy, strength, etc.))
- Instead of making us more efficient, multitasking ends up sapping our productivity, killing our focus, and adding to our stress level.
4. boom
5. stutter(to have a speech problem that causes you to repeat the beginning sound of some words)
- I used to stutter when I was a child.
6. commence/commencement
- After significant surveying and campus feedback, the Commencement schedules for the Class of 2019 and the Class of 2020 have been set. Please mark your calendars!
7. chase
8. intersperse(vt,to put (something) at different places among other things)
- You should intersperse these pictures evenly throughout the book.
9. scream
- That's me screaming.
10. lick(vt,to take (something) into your mouth with your tongue)
- The cat licked the milk off/from her paws.
11. pilot(to fly (an airplane, spacecraft, etc.))
- He is learning how to pilot a helicopter.
- you're piloting a two-ton missile.
12. slam(always followed by an adverb or preposition, [no object] : to hit something with a lot of force)
- I slammed on (= quickly used) the brakes, but it was too late.
- Others just keep slamming their head against the same wall,never making any real progress.
13. rehabilitate/rehabilitation
- rehabilitation center
14. waive(to officially say that you will not use or require something that you are allowed to have or that is usually required)
- You waived our no dog policy?你废除了我们的无狗政策?
15. unwind(vi,to relax and stop thinking about work, problems, etc)
- I wanted to unwind after a hard day.
16. whittle(vt,to cut or shape (a piece of wood) by cutting small pieces from it)
- whittle sth down
- He was sitting on the porch, whittling a stick.
- We had 80 applicants for the job, but we've whittled them down to six.
17. permute/permutation
- we wish to permute the order of the bytes.
18. assure
- He believed that hard work would assure his success.
19. scuffle(vi,to fight briefly and usually not very seriously)
- Children scuffled on the playground.
20. ensue/ensuing
- When the news broke, a long period of chaos ensued. [=followed]
- In the ensuing weeks, [=in the weeks afterward] her health gradually improved.

### 13
1. forbid/forbade
- I forbid you to go!
- She was forbidden by her parents to marry him.
2. slur/slurring(vt, to say (something) in an unclear way especially because you are drunk or tired)
- John showed up in bad shape,slurring her words,fighting off drowsiness.
3. choke
- Chew your food well so you don't choke.
4. clump/peacock/strut(vi,to walk in a confident and proud way)
- The girls were all clumped together watching these young peacocks strut their stuff, knowing their job was to sit there and be impressed.
5. fixate(vi,to look at or think about something constantly : to give all of your attention to something — usually + on or upon)
- While people tend to fixate on equity ownership and equality,what really matter is whether there is equal power sharing between founders.
6. jerk(vi,vt.to move (something) with a sharp, quick motion)/swing
- If you were driving with her, she would jerk the car to the side of the road, get out, leaving the car door swingging open.
- swinging the bag and the cane gun.
7. outperform,deteriorate
- Another reason why trie outperforms hash table, is that as hash table increases in size, there are lots of hash collisions and the search time complexity could deteriorate to O(n), where n is the number of keys inserted.
8. cremate(vt,to burn (the body of a person who has died))
- Her body was burned, cremateed at 1800 degrees.
9. rob
- They robbed the bank.
10. stash(vt, to put (something) in a secret or hidden place)
- Each house has a certain amount of money stashed.
- That's where I stashed the chandelier.
11. telecast
- The network will telecast [=televise] the game live.
12. incur(vt,to cause yourself to have or experience (something unpleasant or unwanted))
- What did he do to incur such wrath?
13. dominate
- The entire algorithm is dominated by the sorting step, which is O(nlog n) .
14. sweep
- After sorting, we can sweep the sorted array to find if there are any two consecutive duplicate elements.
15. veto(reject,refuse)
- The VP typically won't be present but can still veto the hire if they weren't impressed.
16. escort(vt,to go with (someone or something) to give protection or guidance)
-  He escorted [=guided, led] me to the library upstairs.
17. grill(vt to ask (someone) a series of difficult and unpleasant questions : to question (someone) intensely)
- Your recruiter is usually there to prep you, not to grill you on technical questions.
18. demystify
- What I need is a book that will demystify the workings of a car engine for me.
19. rope/denial(n,the act of not allowing someone to have something)
- rope someone into something(to persuade a person or group to do something)
- I was roped into playing softball last night.
- But each time , I knew I was being roped into denial.
20. subside(vi,to become less strong or intense)
- The police are hoping that the violence will soon subside.
- Then after things subsideed, she would reach out, and we would both be happy to not have to deal with the larger issue.

### 14
1. combat
- I've seen their mistakes and struggles, and I've devel­oped techniques and strategies to help them combat those very issues.
2. correlate
- Even if the skills wouldn't be that hard to learn on their own, they say it's reasonably well-correlated with being a good developer.
3. ace
- He aced the test.
4. comprehend
5. shine
- Here he shines a light on four components,but recommends using them together, so their impact compounds.
- Basically, this is ur chance to shine.
6. craft
- craft a story.
7. bewilder/bewildering(to confuse (someone) very much)
- an utterly bewildering experience
- His decision bewildered [=puzzled, perplexed] her.
8. ban/banned
- he was banned from driving for a year
9. converse(vi,+with to talk usually informally with someone : to have a conversation)
- It would be great if u can be able to at least converse with them not just ask completely amateurish questions.
10. issue
- u issue a depth-first search.
11. preempt(formal : to prevent (something) from happening,formal : to take the place of (something))
- The contract preempts lawsuits by the company's clients.
12. delimit(to officially set or state the limits of (something))
- Strict guidelines delimit his responsibilities.
13. lure(attract)
- Advertisers trying to lure [=attract] a younger audience to their products
14. foster(vt, to help (something) grow or develop)
- We are trying to foster [=encourage, promote] a sense of community.
15. detract from(: to reduce the strength, value, or importance of (something)
)
- They worried that the scandal would seriously detract from [=diminish, hurt] her chances for reelection.
16. haul(vt,always followed by an adverb or preposition,to pull or drag (something) with effort)
- haul off and US, informal to suddenly do (something specified) — followed by a verb that expresses some kind of usually violent action
- I hope he doesn't haul off and just hit you.
17. overhaul
- to look at every part of (something) and repair or replace the parts that do not work,to change (something) completely in order to improve it
- This is a massive overhaul.
- They had to overhaul their original plans.
18. debrief(vt,formal, to officially question (someone) about a job that has been done or about an experience)
- Police debriefed the hostages upon their return.
19. detach
- It can be difficult to detach yourself from the chaos of the situation.
20. outsource
- The company outsources many of its jobs to less developed countries.

### 15
1. counter
- To counter such resistance, Fb has progressively turned off the message facility on its own app and telling mobile users they must migrate to Messenger.
2. incentivise/incentivize
- incentive:n,something that encourages a person to do something or to work harder
- Competitions aren't the only way to incentivise.
3. harness(vt,to use (something) for a particular purpose)
- The company offers a quality services and harnesses the power of existing users to bring more customers.
4. graze
- cattle grazing on the slopes
- one of the long spikes grazed his shoulder, ripping his robes
5. unleash
- unleash the power of John展示
- The storm unleashed its fury.
6. befall/befell(vt,formal,of something bad or unpleasant,to happen to (someone or something))
- It's sad to think of the unhappy fate that befell him.
- The drought was only one of many hardships to befall the small country.
7. adjourn(vi,vt.to end something (such as a meeting or session) for a period of time)
- This meeting is adjourned. 本次会议到此结束.
- John,If didn't vote to remove you,then Tom would've adjourned the meeting.暂停会议.
- This meeting is adjourned. means it's finished.
- We're going to adjourn this meeting until next week .means we're going to take a break , we're going to come back and finish next time.
8. hinge/referral
- give me a referral.
- After all, applying online is tricky; a personal referral is much better, and your ability to do so hinges on your network.
- hinge on (So much of their business hinges on how well in China)
9. contend(vi,vt)
- will contend for the championship this year
- contended with the problems of municipal government
- contends that the new law would help only the wealthy
- The bomb squad has to contend with this traffic.
10. plague(vt,to cause constant or repeated trouble, illness, etc., for (someone or something))
- Drought and wildfires continue to plague the area.
11. rectify(vt,formal,to correct (something that is wrong))
- Rectify your eating habits to stay disease free.
12. marginalize
- It's unrealistic for majority of the readers here to practice what you said without the help from native speakers ‘cause most fobs guys are isolated/marginalized as f*** at the first place even for many fob girls.
13. clamp(vt,to press or squeeze (something))
- clamp one's face
14. yawn
- Scientists may have just solved one of life’s biggest mysteries: Why yawning is contagious.
15. brag
- always bragging about his success(vi)
- bragged that she was the faster runner on her team(vt)
16. aggrandize(increase the power, status, or wealth of.)
- Sorry, We can be a little bit self-aggrandizing sometimes here in America.
- a movie that aggrandizes the bad guys and makes the cops look like dopes
17. romanticize/romanticization(idealizes)(vi,vt:to think about or describe something as being better or more attractive or interesting than it really is : to show, describe, or think about something in a romantic way)
- He has romanticized notions of army life.
18. infantilize/infantilization(treat (someone) as a child or in a way which denies their maturity in age or experience.)
- seeing yourself as a victim infantilizes you
19. decimate/decimation: means one in ten.(to destroy a large number of (plants, animals, people, etc.))
- This kind of moth is responsible for decimating thousands of trees in our town.
- Crops from both countries will be decimated.
- decimate a regiment
- And like other native Americans, their populations were decimated by diseases.
20. dwell/dwelling(formal,vi,to live in a particular place)
- He dwelled [=lived] in the same town for years.
- What Is Dwelling Insurance?

### 16
1. ambush
- We have reports of enemy soldiers ambushing civilians on this road.
- They want ambush you and replace you with Big head.
2. retain
- A landlord may retain part of your deposit if you break the lease.
- They insisted on retaining old customs.
3. obstruct
- my job wasn't to obstruct her work,but rather help it move forward.
- A large tree obstructed the road.
4. stall(to stop suddenly because of a problem)
- Interviewers want to see that, when faced with an ambiguous situation, you don't get overwhelmed and stall.
- Recall that the review that had been stalled for three painful weeks.
- Our application was stalling frequently.
5. strangle(vt,to kill (a person or animal) by squeezing the throat,to stop (something) from growing or developing)
- Bob didn't try to strangle the review to perfection.
- The company is trying to strangle the smaller competition.
6. hinder(vt,to make (something, such as a task or action) slow or difficult)
- If you feel unable to bring code up to your quality standards,think about what aspects of the review process are hindering you and how you can address them.
- Their journey was hindered by snow and high winds. economic growth hindered by sanctions
7. loiter(vi,to remain in an area when you do not have a particular reason to be there)
- loitering objects
- Loitering is prohibited outside the theaters.
8. derail
- Code reviews require more tact and care than usual communication because there's a high risk of derailing the discussion into a personal agrument.
9. stray(vi,to go in a direction that is away from a group or from the place where you should be)
- She never strayed [=deviated] from the path her parents envisioned for her.
- The farther you stray from authoritative documentation, the shakier your evidence becomes.
10. dismiss
- He has been dismissed from his job for incompetence.
11. meander(vi,to have a lot of curves instead of going in a straight or direct line,to walk slowly without a specific goal, purpose, or direction)
- My tone was professional but meandering into the realm of passive-aggressive.
12. dread
- He can't swim and dreads the water.
- All morning, I felt a sinking weight in the pit of my stomach as I dreaded the next round of review.
13. pound(vi,to hit (something or someone) with force again and again)
- my heart began pounding in my chest as I grew more infuriated by each of her responses.
14. rebut(v)(vt,to prove (something) is false by using arguments or evidence)/rebuttal(n)/hammer(n)
- I immediately started hammering my keyboard with rebuttals, pointing out that she had neither made my suggested changes nor offered justification for me to approve.We repeated this routine every day for three weeks.The code barely changed.
15. fling
- Fine Doubled for Car Drivers Flinging Cigarette Butts on the Roads.
16. confront/confrontation
- my mom confronted her with some hard evidence.
- Have you ever had a confrontation at your last job?
17. peed
- I peed my pants.
18. withhold(vt,to hold (something) back)
- An employee's withholding critical information about a competitor.
- The only reason you should withhold approval is if the code remains at an F after a few rounds of review.
19. captivate(vt,to attract and hold the attention of (someone) by being interesting, pretty, etc.)
- Founders on Indiae Hackers captivated me because they were in control.
20. stagnate(vi,to stop developing, progressing, moving, etc. : to be or become stagnant)/stagnant(adj)
- Whether their business became a runaway success or stagnated for years, they were calling the shots.
- Stagnant water

### 17
1. wander
- I was just wandering around the house.
- They wandered down the street.
2. sack(vt,informal : to dismiss (someone) from a job)
- They sacked [=fired] her for always being late.
- Do shareholders have the right to sack the entire board of directors?
3. pinpoint
- They were finally able to pinpoint the cause of the fire.
- He pinpointed the city on the map.
4. taint(vt,to hurt or damage the good condition of (something) — often used as (be) tainted)
- tainted food
- They wouldn't be tainted by any sort of favoritism or politics.
- that rare political campaign that wasn't marred by the taint of false accusations
5. wager(bet)
- I would wager a bet that ninety percent of the people's email addresses contain english letters.
- I would wager that......
6. concatenate
- U choose a letter U just concatenate it onto the end of string.
- Then we can concatenate another string using the plus operator.
7. ditch(vt,informal : to stop having or using (something you no longer want or need) : to get rid of (something))
- Ditch the node package manager explanation.
- ditch an old car
- had to ditch their plan
- His girlfriend ditched him.
8. tweak
- We just wanted to tweak his original idea a bit.
- Now we do need to tweak this a little bit.(代码稍微修改一下.)
9. testify
- I can testify to the foregoing since I was actually present when it happened.
10. revert
- He reverted to bad habits.
11. populate
- Immigrants began to populate the area in the late 19th century.
- Strange creatures populate the ocean depths.
- The error object is not going to get populated.
12. skyrocket
- The temperature is skyrocketing as the sun starts coming up.
13. relay(vt,to pass (something, such as a message or information) from one person or device to another)
- we can print a message that relays that message to the user.
- Please relay the news to the rest of the team.
14. hoist(vt,to raise (something) especially by using ropes or machinery)
- The cargo was hoisted up onto the ship.
15.
- intimidate(v: to make (someone) afraid)
- imitate(v:to make or do something the same way as (something else))
- intimate(adj: having a very close relationship : very warm and friendly)
- They remained intimate friends throughout their lives.
16. pry(vi,to try to find out about other people's private lives)
- It's important to not put anything in here that you don't want prying eyes to see.
17. forfeit(vt, to lose or give up (something) as a punishment or because of a rule or law)
- If the review process requires the author to run these checks manually, you forfeit most of the benefit.
- those unable to meet their taxes were liable to forfeit their property
18. bicker(vi,to argue in a way that is annoying about things that are not important)
- Consistent style is certainly important, but a code review is not the time to bicker about where to put the curly braces.
- How To Avoid Bickering In Marriage?
19. clutter(vt,to fill or cover (something) with many things : to fill or cover (something) with clutter)
- Many candidates make the mistake of adding all 13 of their prior projects, cluttering their resume with small, non-impressive projects.
20. hallucinate(hal·lu·ci·nate)(vt,vi to see or sense something or someone that is not really there : to have hallucinations)
- The patient may hallucinate if she has a fever.(vi)
- His thirst caused him to hallucinate (that there was) an oasis in the desert.(vt)

### 18
1. span.
- They can span multiple stories and multiple iterations.
- Her academic interests span a wide variety of topics.
2. proliferate/proliferation.(vi,to increase in number or amount quickly)
- SOA, has no upper limit and promotes the proliferation of multiple heterogeneous protocols through its messaging middleware component.
3. abhor
- We believe we know that Americans abhor[=hate, loathe] extremes and mistrust ideology
4. compromise
- vi(+on),to give up something that you want in order to reach an agreement
- vt,(to expose (something) to risk or danger)endanger,(to damage or weaken (something))impair
- I will never compromise the product.
- irrational asshole that doesn't compromise on anything.
- To avoid an argument, always be ready to seek compromise.
5. indulge/indulgence(vt,to allow (yourself) to have or do something as a special pleasure)
- It's my birthday. I'm going to indulge myself and eat whatever I want to eat.
- indulge in free bagels
- No, You Don't Deserve That Indulgence Today
6. stun/stunned(vt,to surprise or upset (someone) very much)
- I was stunned and didn't know what to do next.
- I was stunned when it ended up being so valuable.
7. annul(vt,to say officially that something is no longer valid)
- unfortunately, his arrogant attitude annuls the many generous favors he does for people
- Kenyan Supreme Court annuls presidential election in historic ruling
8. hone
- Hone your approach by thinking critically about the outcomes of your code reviews.
- The desire for variety is expected from a chef who's honed her skills across the country and landed in Cleveland just three years ago to accept a job at Michael Symon's esteemed Lola.
9. despair(vi,to no longer have any hope or belief that a situation will improve or change,+ of)
- n,the feeling of no longer having any hope
- I was overcome by despair at being unable to find them.(n)
- Things look bad now, but don't despair.
10. disdain/disdainful(vt,to strongly dislike or disapprove of (someone or something))
- He looked at the waiter with a disdainful glare.
11. debunk(vt,to show that something (such as a belief or theory) is not true : to show the falseness of (a story, idea, statement, etc.))
- The article debunks the notion that life exists on Mars.
- The results of the study debunk his theory.
12. sham
- n,someone who deceives people by pretending to be a particular kind of person, to have a particular skill, etc.
- vi,vt(to act in a way that is meant to trick or deceive people)
- vt :He was shamming illness to avoid work.
- vi :She wasn't really hurt; she was only shamming.
13. flaunt/bucket(vt,to show (something) in a very open way so that other people will notice)
- She liked to flaunt her wealth by wearing furs and jewelry.
- Thus, when they see a candidate seems to flaunt which specific versions of a language they know, recruiters will often bucket the candidate as "not our kind of person:'
14. fudge(to avoid making a decision or giving a clear answer about something).
- Politicians have been known to fudge the issues.
15. relent(to give in to pressure; to become less severe or intense; to completely stop.)
16. procrastinate
- He procrastinated and missed the submission deadline.
- He told her to stop procrastinating and get to work.
17. subsidize(vt,to help someone or something pay for the costs of (something))
- The state subsidizes housing for low-income families.
18. enunciate
- she enunciated each word slowly.
- So in his order, the judge wants to correctly enunciate the law.
19. enclose
- the entire estate was enclosed with walls
- She enclosed a photo with the card.
20. commingle(to join or mix together)
- Fact and fiction commingle in the story.
- the dust had commingled with the rain
- He commingled his personal funds with money from the business.

### 19
1. utter/utterance
- vt,to make (a particular sound), to say (something)
- adj,complete and total
- in utter destitution
2. imbue
- I spend a lot of time praying that they are imbued with greater wisdom.
- Those origins undoubtedly imbued the company with a deep understanding of the importance of SEO.
- Our greatest ecstasies are imbued.
3. compose
- vt,to come together to form or make (something),=made up
- usually used as (be) composed of
- the system is composed of a group of machines
- You said 15% is in the traditional spread. What's the other 85% composed of?
- wrote me a message composed largely of emojis.
- Take a moment to compose yourself before you pick up the phone.
- Well, I guess I've always been composed. 
4. craft
- She crafted a strategy to boost the company's earnings.
5. purport(vt,to claim to be or do a particular thing when this claim may not be true — followed by to + verb)
- The report purports to be objective. [=it claims to be objective, but it may not be]
- Do you purport to spend the rest of your life on that couch, or do you think you might get a job someday?
- I do not understand the purport of your remarks
- Beware of users who purport to speak for a user class to which they do not belong.
6. propagate
- the French propagated the idea that the English were violent and gluttonous drunkards
7. overlap
- The roof shingles overlap each other
- Baseball season overlaps the football season in September.
- Some of their duties overlap.
- overlap between lean and obese people
8. interpose(vt, to place (someone or something) between two or more things or people)
- The new system has interposed a bureaucratic barrier between doctors and patients.
- He tried to interpose himself between the people who were fighting.
9. augment
- augmented reality/introspection.
- he augmented his summer income by painting houses
10. gauge(vt, to make a judgment about (something))
- besides getting a gauge of your energy and confidence levels.
- astronomers can gauge the star's intrinsic brightness
- He accurately gauged the mood of the voters.(estimate, judge )
11. encapsulate
- The contaminated material should be encapsulated and removed.
12. intuit(vt,to know or understand (something) because of what you feel or sense rather than because of evidence)
- I intuited his real identity
- She intuited a connection between the two crimes.
13. relieve(vt,to reduce or remove (something, such as pain or an unpleasant feeling))
- Relieve tension between customer/user and developers.Build trust on all sides.
- relieve you of your badge.收回你的工牌.
14. substitute
- Perseverance is a great substitute for talent.
- There is no substitute for hard work.
- theory is no substitute for practice.
- if you like, you can use nuts as a substitute for coconut in that recipe
- you'll be getting a substitute until your regular teacher is feeling better
- I found someone to substitute for me.
- soy milk is used as a substitute for dairy milk
15. negate/negation(vt,to cause (something) to not be effective)
- evil is not merely the negation of goodness
- issued specific negations of all of the charges against her
16. revoke
- The judge revoked her driver's license.
- Their privileges were revoked after they misbehaved.
17. subsume(include or absorb (something) in something else.)
- it is obvious that the later interval completely subsumes the previous interval.
- games and team sports are subsumed under the classification of “recreation”
- red, green, and yellow are subsumed under the term "color"
18. arbitrate(to settle an argument between two people or groups after hearing the opinions and ideas of both)
- the board has the power to arbitrate in disputes
19. belie
- their actions belie their, their words.
- The brilliance of the sun belied the low temperature.
20. vest(to give (someone) the legal right or power to do something or to own land or property)
- Our packages include nice salaries,cash earn-outs,stock whick vests after only four years of working there.
- executive power is vested in the president

### 20
1. augment/augmented
- augmented pensions for those retiring at 65
2. heed(vt,to pay attention to (advice, a warning, etc.))
- She failed to heed the warnings.
- if we had heeded the ranger's advice, we might not have gotten lost
3. elicit(vt,to get (a response, information, etc.) from someone)
- My question elicited no response.
- I want you to just react to whatever this not elicits.
4. traverse
- light rays traversing a crystal.
- Students can traverse this material in different ways,depending on their background, their skills or their interests.
5. depict(vt,to show (someone or something) in a picture, painting, photograph, etc.)
- Angels are usually depicted with wings.
6. flout(vt,to break or ignore (a law, rule, etc.) without hiding what you are doing or showing fear or shame)
- Despite repeated warnings, they have continued to flout the law.
7. thrash(vt, to hit (someone or something) very hard with a stick, whip, etc.)
- He thrashed me with his belt.
- After thrashing him, one of the youths pulled a pistol and shot him in the stomach.
8. abound
- They live in a region where oil abounds.
- a city that abounds with art museums and private galleries
9. dampen(vt,to make (something) less strong or active)
- nothing could dampen her enthusiasm
- Unequal co-founder relationships are a way to dampen future co-founder issues.
10. superimpose(vt,to place or lay (something) over something else)
- A triangle superimposed on an inverted triangle forms a six-pointed star.
11. resent/resentment
-I didn't steal the money I have. I resent being treated like I did.
- his resentment at being demoted
- He's filled with resentment at his boss.
12. coin
- Bruce Jay Nelson is generally credited with coining the term "remote procedure call"
13. endow(vt,to give a large amount of money to a school, hospital, etc., in order to pay for the creation or continuing support of (something))
- The money will be used to endow the museum and research facility.
14. quantify/quantifiable
- It is difficult to quantify intelligence.
15. deem(to think of (someone or something) in a particular way,[=considered, judged])
- the event was deemed a great success
- The principal will take whatever action she deems appropriate in this case.
16. tamper(to change or touch (something) especially in a way that causes damage or harm)
- someone tampered with the brakes on my car
- One count of aggravated vehicular homicide and the charge of tampering with evidence was dismissed.
17. supersede(vt,to replace (someone or something))
- In the commercial world new technologies supersede the old.
- This edition supersedes the previous one.
18. unify
- The creation of the national railroad system unified the country.
19. impede(vt,to slow the movement, progress, or action of (someone or something))
- He claims that economic growth is being impeded by government regulations.
- The soldiers could not impede the enemy's advance.
20. infringe/infringement(vt,to do something that does not obey or follow (a rule, law, etc.))
- They claim that his use of the name infringes[=violate]their copyright.
- To search for copyright infringements.
- any government action limiting freedom of speech is an infringement of the U.S. Constitution
- this bill is an infringement of our civil liberties
- To see if you're infringing on any copy righted material.

### 21
1. sprinkle/sprinkler 洒水器.
- Sprinkle berries on top, and scatter on remaining nuts.
- He sprinkled water on the plants.
- “Is it raining?” “It's just sprinkling a little.”
- Even if being warm and friendly doesn't come naturally to you, you can still make a concerted effort to sprinkle in positive remarks throughout the interview.
2. scrutinize
- Her performance was carefully scrutinized by her employer.
- After another silent scrutinization , the woman seemed to relent.
3. inhibit
- inhibitor(inhibitor is affordability)
- cold inhibits plant growth
- You shouldn't allow fear of failure to inhibit you.
4. prorate.
- Your HW score must be B (80%) or higher to get a full credit for your self-evaluation;otherwise your collaboration score will be prorated.
5. perturb(vt,to cause to be worried or upset)
- It perturbed him that his son was thinking about leaving school.
- the caller's strange remark perturbed me enough to keep me awake that night
6. emulate
- i think they were trying to emulate the Bay area companies asking algos and data structures but they themselves are clueless about it.
7. dabble
- Microsoft has dabbled (and reasonably successfully) with search and the web, but a large chunk of its earnings come from Windows and Office.
8. divvy
- divvy (something) up or divvy up (something) informal: to divide or share (something)
- the mind is divvied up into distinct components.
- start divvying up these vertices.
9. relish(vt,to enjoy or take pleasure in (something))
- I always relish a challenge.
10. postulate(formal,vt,to suggest (something, such as an idea or theory) especially in order to start a discussion)
- The theory postulates [=claims, posits] that carbon dioxide emissions contribute to global warming.
11. troll(to leave an insulting message on the internet in order to annoy someone)
12. remunerate(vt,formal,to pay someone for work that has been done)
- Many advisors will be remunerated by commission, which means if you do not proceed with their recommendation no fee is paid.
13. dilute
- Diluting them with weaker items will only make you look worse.
14. stink(stank)
- Your feet stink!
- I really stink at managing the home.(to do something very poorly)
15. attest(formal: to show, prove, or state that something is true or real)
- I can attest to his skills.
16. veer(vi,to change direction quickly or suddenly)
- The third one started to veer in the wrong direction, and he decided to get out before it was too late.
17. scrimp(vi,to spend as little money as you can : to be careful about spending money)
- They scrimped and they saved.
- She scrimped and saved to care for her two younger sisters.
- Having to scrimp and save due to your meager salary may frustrate you, but a lack of free food tends not to be an issue.
18. derive
- people to derive the benefits of having choice without paying the price?
- I didn't derive much benefit from school.
19. ridicule(vt,to laugh at and make jokes about (someone or something) in a cruel or harsh way)
- the interviewer rejecting a correct answer or ridiculing the candidate.
20. feign(vt,to pretend to feel or be affected by (something))
- You know how everyone feigns[=fake] surprise when you tell them how old you are.
- An interviewer may feign ignorance on a topic he knows in depth to see if a candidate pretends to know it.

### 22
1. purge
- how to purge data in cache
2. peg(vt,to fasten (something) with pegs)
- Is the tent pegged down all the way?
- Never pegged you for a quitter.
3. stutter
- She stutters a little, so be patient and let her finish what she's saying.
4. reprimand
- vt,to speak in an angry and critical way to (someone who has done something wrong, disobeyed an order, etc.)
- (often + for) She was reprimanded for being late.
- Can you reprimand him,please?
5. garner(vt:to collect or gather (something), to get or receive (something wanted or valued))
- I think I garner people's respect.
6. pierce
- I could fall and pierce an organ.
7. incorporate(vt,to include (something) as part of something else)
- we're making sure the FDA incorporates patients' voices -- your voices -- into the decisions.
8. quench(vt,formal,to stop (a fire) from burning : to put out (a fire)(extinguished))
- quench thirst( to cause you to stop feeling thirsty)
9. alienate(vt,to make (someone) unfriendly : to cause (someone) to stop being friendly, helpful, etc., towards you)
- He alienated most of his colleagues with his bad temper.
- Disagreements can alienate teenagers from their families.
10. eyeball
- Check your tire pressure with a gauge,don't just eyeball it.Your tire may be underinflated and not look it.
11. slash
- What happens if the tyres on your car are slashed?
12. plunge
- Nordstrom plunges after taking $72 million charge for customer credit card refunds
13. weld(vt,to join or bring (people or things) close together)
- You have a collection of rods which can be welded together.
14. extrapolate(vt,to form an opinion or to make an estimate about something from known facts)
- We can extrapolate the number of new students entering next year by looking at how many entered in previous years.
15. ponder(vi(on, over, or about),vt to think about or consider (something) carefully)
- The team pondered their chances of success.
16. undercut(vt,to offer to sell things or work for a lower cost than (another person or company),to make (something) weaker or less effective)
- Her behavior undercuts her own credibility.
- i can undercut dunder mifflin.
17. disband(vi,vt, to end an organization or group (such as a club))
- They've decided to disband the club.
18. clutch(vt, to hold onto (someone or something) tightly with your hand)
- I had to clutch the counter to keep from falling.
19. retrace(vt,to go back along the same course, path, etc., that you or someone else has taken earlier)
- retrace your steps
- This trail is not circular, so you have to retrace your steps back to the start.
20. defraud
- He defrauded the company.

### 23
1. concoct/concoction
- They had concocted(devised) a scheme/plan to steal money from the company.
2. spank(to hit someone on the buttocks with your hand as a form of punishment)/spanking(very)
3. impersonate/impersonator(vt,to pretend to be (another person))
- He was fined for impersonating a police officer.
4. salivate(saliva)
- I trained dogs to salivate at the sound of a bell by feeding them whenever a bell rang.
5. shun(to avoid (someone or something))
- Investors began to shun our company’s stock, causing it to plummet in value.
6. devastate/devastated
- Thousands of people have left their devastated villages and fled to the mountains.
7. transpire(vi,formal : to happen)
- certain events have transpired.
8. laud(to praise (someone or something))
-  i laud your thriftiness.
9. blossom(vi,to produce flowers,to change, grow, and develop fully)
- But that blossomed into a very real friendship.
10. outrun
- you can't outrun your problems.
11. reimburse(vt,to pay someone an amount of money equal to an amount that person has spent — often + for)
- I can't.I only get reimbursed for the I.D. photos.
- The airline reimbursed me for the amount they had overcharged me.
12. bluff
- Is he going to jump or is he only bluffing?
13. fester/festering(vi,to become painful and infected,to become worse as time passes)
- It was better that she expressed her anger rather than let it fester inside her.
14. bisect(vt,to divide (something) into two equal parts)
- The city is bisected by the highway.
15. depose(vt,to remove (someone) from a powerful position)
- A coalition of countries is trying to depose the island dictator.
16. prepend
- Sometimes a website might prepend the www if you haven't typed it in.
17. avert(vt,to turn (your eyes, gaze, etc.) away or aside)
- I always avert my eyes to avoid seeing the bloody movie scenes.
- If management wants to avert a strike, then it will increase the wages of the employees.
18. strip
-Under no circumstance should a man strip off his clothes in this office
19. eavesdrop(vi)
- He was eavesdropping on our conversation.
20. exert(vt,to use (strength, ability, etc.))
- it's time for me to exert my dominance.

### 24
1. urinate(vi,to send urine out of the body)
2. poke(vi+at,vt,to push your finger or something thin or pointed into or at someone or something)
- He poked a stick at the snake.
- Well,stop trying to poke me With a sharp thing.
3. percolate(vi,to pass slowly through something that has many small holes in it)
- Sea water percolates down through the rocks.
4. hydrate
- Keep hydrating.
- Make sure you hydrate (= drink something) before you exercise.
5. reign(vi+over,to rule as a king, queen, emperor, etc.)
- The bomb attacks produced a panic which reigned over the city.
6. deduce(vt,to decide (something) after thinking about the known facts)
-  it is possible to use dynamic programming to deduce[=determine,concluded] all the results without employing DFS!
7. designate
- We need to designate a new leader.
8. depreciate/depreciation
- He had supposed that the letter in question contained a request for a remittance to cover depreciation in his account.
9. congregate/congregating(vi,to come together in a group or crowd)
- A crowd congregated[=assemble]around the entrance to the theatre, hoping to catch a glimpse of the stars of the show.
10. outgrow(vt,to grow too large for (someone or something))
- The company outgrew (= became too large for) its office space.
11. encompass(vt, to include (something) as a part)
- The plan encompasses[=cover, include]repaving the street and planting 40 new trees.
12. discern(vt, to see, hear, or notice (something) with difficulty or effort,to come to know, recognize, or understand (something))
- unable to discern [=distinguish,identify] right from wrong
- I could just discern a figure in the darkness.
13. splurge(vi+on,to spend more money than usual on something for yourself)
- I feel like splurging (out) on a new dress.
14. recoup(vt,to get back (money that has been spent, invested, lost, etc.) :recover)
- The gambler recouped his losses in the next game.



15. lament/lamenting(formal,vi,vt, to express sorrow, regret, or unhappiness about something)
- She lament over the loss of her best friend.
- She lamented (the fact) that she had lost her best friend.
16. grind
- a slow query can grind everything to a halt.
17. expend
- You expend so much effort for so little return.
- Governments expend a lot of resources on war.
18. blindfold
- She was blindfolded and taken somewhere in the back of a van.
19. shove(vt,to push (something) with force)
- Really shoving our faces in it this year.
20. backfire
- You can't let a girl feel good about herself.It will backfire on you.Every compliment has to be backhanded.
21. backhanded adj:not direct or sincere
- She paid me a backhanded compliment [=a compliment that was not really a compliment at all] when she said my work was “surprisingly good.”
- He paid me a backhanded compliment [=an indirect compliment] by imitating my style.

### 25
1. summon
- She was summoned to court.
2. defuse
- Her joke defused the tension in the room.
3. retreat
- When she came towards me shouting, I retreated (behind my desk).
- shouting at each other.
4. dine
- I hate dining alone.
5. reciprocate
- We invited them to dinner and a week later they reciprocated.
6. empathize(vi,often + with)
- Empathizing with the data users around the company is an important part of informing our roadmap.
7. streamline/streamlined
- onboarding is streamlined.
- a very streamlined car/design
8. disperse/dispersion(vi,vt,to go or move in different directions : to spread apart)
- Laws were established to limit the dispersion of pollutants.
- The fog dispersed as the day grew warmer.
9. withstand
- a bridge designed to withstand earthquakes
10. yank(vt,vi, to suddenly pull (something) in a quick, forceful way)
- vt,to quickly or suddenly remove (something or someone)
- The show was yanked off the air. [=the show was suddenly canceled; it was suddenly decided that the show would no longer be broadcast]
- She yanked on the dog's leash.
11. pwn(to defeat or take control of someone or something, usually in an internet video game)
- You were just pwned!
12. chafe(rub)
- vi: to become irritated or annoyed
- Local builders are chafing under the new regulations.
- vt:to cause soreness or damage by rubbing against something (such as your skin)
- When the strap is too tight, it chafes the baby's skin.
13. exhilarate(vt)
- Achieving my weight loss goal is sure to exhilarate me.
14. haggle(vi,to talk or argue with someone especially in order to agree on a price)
- It's traditional that you haggle over/about the price of things in the market.
15. perplex(vt,to confuse (someone) very much)
- Joey was perplexed by the poor directions.
16. aggravate
- vt,to make (an injury, problem, etc.) more serious or severe
- Tom was aggravating Paige when he wouldn't stop talking while she was reading.
17. bustle/bustling
- vi,to move or go in a busy or hurried way
- vi,to have a lot of busy activity — often + with
- The stores are bustling with shoppers returning holiday gifts.
18. throttle
- throttle users based on their allocated quota.
19. savour(vt,to enjoy (something) for a long time)
- Bar Raisers are known not to jump from one question to another, but savour hearing every applicable detail of your story in the Amazon interview process.
20. prattle(vi,to talk for very long about something that is not important or interesting)
- Try not to prattle on with your answers. Keep them short and to the point.

### 26
1. discontent(n or adj)
- The survey indicates public discontent with the current administration.
2. deceive
- Dr.John was disappointed that the student tried to deceive her.
3. linger(vi,to stay somewhere beyond the usual or expected time)
-  His unhappiness/resentment lingered on.
- The smell from the fire still lingered days later.
4. sob
- I found her sobbing in the bedroom because she'd broken her favourite doll.
5. curse
- This office is cursed.
6. eradicate
- A disease that has been largely eradicated in the U.S.
7. spurn(vt,to refuse to accept (someone or something that you do not think deserves your respect, attention, affection, etc.))
- Did she spurn your advances?
8. fracture
- She fractured her skull in the accident.
9. inquire
- Ms.Little inquired about which students did their homework.
10. speculate(vi,vt)
- I don't know why she did it - I'm just speculating.
- Scientists speculate that the illness is caused by a virus.
11. impregnate
- My husband impregnated me.
12. smack(vt,to slap or hit (someone or something) hard)
- What we have here is the ultimate smackdown between the Nard-Dog and crippling despair, loneliness, and depression.
13. elope(vi,to run away secretly to get married)
- Pam and I have eloped.
14. impale(vt,to cause a pointed object to go into or through (someone or something) — often + on)
- Not to show up to work.
- He slipped and impaled his leg on a metal spike.
15. hurl(vt,to throw (something) with force,to say or shout (something, such as an insult) in a loud and forceful way)
- The protesters hurled insults at us.
16. downplay(vt,to make (something) seem smaller or less important)
- The government has been trying to downplay the crisis.
17. revere(vt,to have great respect for (someone or something) : to show devotion and honor to (someone or something))
- In fact, many cultures revere old people.
18. brew(vt,to make (beer, ale, etc.))
- vi, to start to form
- discontent is brewing.
19. peep(peek)(
always followed by an adverb or preposition, [no object] : to look very quickly at someone or something)
- I heard that you were peeping on Michael.
20. titillate(vi,vt,to interest or excite (someone) in an enjoyable and often sexual way)
- a film made to titillate the audience.

### 27
1. evade
- To be innovative in our work, we need to evade the limitations of established thinking.
2. emblazon(vt,to write or draw (a name, picture, etc.) on a surface so that it can be seen very clearly — usually used as (be) emblazoned)
- The team's name was emblazoned on their helmets.
3. smirk
- She smirked at the thought of how this would hurt him.
4. dump
- They dumped(left) their friends at the party and went home.
5. pinch
- pinch me.
6. dissipate(vt,vi,to cause (something) to spread out and disappear)
- The fog should dissipate soon.
7. restrain
- (Social media) you're restraining your use but getting what value you can from them.
8. flirt
- flirt with something
- He likes to flirt.
- He flirts with every attractive woman he meets.
9. smother
- He tried to smother her with  a pillow.
10. commemorate
- vt, to exist or be done in order to remind people of (an important event or person from the past)
- The plaque commemorates the battle that took place here 200 years ago.
11. leak
- I leaked Knowledge to TechCrunch.
12. rationalize
- He couldn't rationalize buying such an expensive car.
13. scar(vt,to cause (someone) to feel great emotional pain or sadness because of a bad experience)
- This incident scarred me,up until a year ago when I was very apprehensive about putting myself out in the public light with businness.
14. flounder(vi, to have a lot of problems and difficulties)
- I floundered on this project.
15. immortalize(vt,to cause (someone or something) to be remembered forever)
- The explorers were immortalized when the mountains were named after them.
16. josh(vi,vt, to talk to someone in a friendly and joking way)
- We were joshing around, the two of us.
17. tow
- It will be towed by a donkey.
18. dis
- He got dissed [=insulted] by the other guys on the team.
19. sass(vt,to talk to (someone) in a rude way that does not show proper respect)
- Don't you sass your father like that!
20. swamp
- I know you were swamped.
- I'm swamped with work right now.

### 28
1. chuckle(to laugh in a quiet way)
- She chuckled at the memory of what he had said.
2. doodle(vi,to draw something without thinking about what you are doing)
- She doodled in her notebook instead of taking notes.
3. dodge(vt,to move quickly to one side in order to avoid being hit by (someone or something))
- He dodged the first punch but was hit by the second.
- She dodged through the crowds as she hurried home.
4. braise(vt,to cook (food) slowly in fat and a small amount of liquid in a covered pot)
- He braised the beef in a wine sauce.
5. cruise(vt,vi,to travel on a boat or ship to a number of places as a vacation)
- We cruised for a week down the Yangtze River.
6. elate/elated(vt,to make (someone) very happy and excited)
- The discovery has elated researchers.
- She was elated at the news.
7. vindicate/vindication(vt,to show that (someone) is not guilty)
- She will be completely vindicated by the evidence.
8. amass(vt,to gather or collect (something, such as a large amount of money) especially for yourself)
- By the time he was 21, he had already amassed a great fortune.
9. simmer
- simmer down(to become calm after being very angry or excited)
- After he simmered down, we were able to work out a solution to the problem.
10. hump(vt,offensive : to have sex with (someone))
- That one ugly cat is humping Princess Lady!
11. goof(vi,informal,to make a careless or stupid mistake : to make a goof)
- Honestly,If you spent as much time selling as you do goofing around with Dwight and hanging out at Reception. We wouldn't be having this conversation.
- They're just goofing on [=kidding with, teasing] you.
12. resuscitate(vt,to bring (someone who is unconscious, not breathing, or close to death) back to a conscious or active state again)
13. coddle(vt,disapproving,to treat (someone) with too much care or kindness)
- She coddles [=pampers] her children.
14. dignify
15. seduce(vt,to persuade (someone) to do something)
- Let me seduce her.
16. outlast(vt,to last longer than (someone or something) : to continue to exist, be active, etc., longer than (someone or something))
- Can China outlast Trump?
17. expel(vt,to officially force (someone) to leave a place or organization)
- Probably gotten expelled if I'd let it affect my grades, but I aced all my courses.
18. desecrate(vt,to damage (a holy place or object) : to treat (a holy place or object) with disrespect
)
- I am not gonna judge Phyllis for desecrating Christmas.
19. collate(vt, to gather together information from different sources in order to study it carefully)
- They are still collating the data.
20. cleanse(body)(vt,to make (someone or something) clean)
- cleansing the skin

### 29
1. cripple
- vt,to cause (a person or animal) to be unable to move or walk normally — usually used as (be) crippled.
- A crippling attack of malaria kept him in bed for months.
2. convict(vi,vt,to prove that someone is guilty of a crime in a court of law)
- There might not have been enough evidence to convict him.
3. elect(vt, to select (someone) for a position, job, etc., by voting)
4. interleave
5. breed
- vt,to keep and take care of animals or plants in order to produce more animals or plants of a particular kind.
- Constraints breed resourcefulness, self-sufficiency and invention.
6. crouch(vi,to lower your body to the ground by bending your legs)
- The thing is, when I crouched, I had to burp.我蹲下后开始打嗝.
7. evacuate(vt,to remove (someone) from a dangerous place)
- to pass (solid waste) from your body
- Did you evacuate in your pants?
8. yearn(vi,to feel a strong desire or wish for something or to do something)
- they're yearning for inspiration. 他们渴望被鼓舞.
9. antagonize(vt,to cause (someone) to feel hostile or angry : to irritate or upset (someone))
- Antagonizes other salesmen.
10. endeavor(formal,vt,to seriously or continually try to do (something))
- To my mother and grandmother,whose engineering endeavors paved the way for my own.
11. baffle(vt,to confuse (someone) completely)
- Her behavior baffles [=bewilders] me.
12. embark(vi,on,to begin a journey especially on a ship or airplane)
- Millions of Europeans embarked for America in the late 19th century.
13. emanate
- vi,to come out from a source
- Good smells emanated from the kitchen.
- vt,to send (something) out : to give out (something)
- She seems to emanate happiness.
14. detain/detention
- vt,to officially prevent (someone) from leaving a place : to hold or keep (someone) in a prison or some other place
- They were detained by the police for questioning.
15. sue
- They're gonna reverse-engineer a version as close as they can without getting sued.
16. clash
- vi,to be in a situation in which you are fighting or disagreeing
- The brothers often clash [=argue] over politics.
- Protesters clashed with the police yesterday.
- Police and protesters clashed yesterday.
17. tumble(vi,to fall down suddenly and quickly)
- He tripped and tumbled to the ground.
18. excerpt
- This video is an excerpt from  a larger course.
19. err
- I may have erred in my calculations.
20. battle
- do battle:to fight or struggle
- Even if no one is hurt, if there’s real damage and insurance companies will soon do battle, it’s a good idea to call 911.
- vi,to fight with weapons

### 30
1. rave
- vi,vt,to talk or write about someone or something in an excited or enthusiastic way
- Critics raved about the new play.(vi)
- “It's his best performance yet,” raved one movie critic.(vt)
- She was ranting and raving about some imagined insult.
1. rant
- vi,about/on. to talk loudly and in a way that shows anger : to complain in a way that is unreasonable
2. premise
- n,a building and the area of land that it is on
- He premised his argument on several incorrect assumptions.
- We don’t accept the premise that cutting taxes will necessarily lead to increased economic productivity.
3. imitate
- Their competitors soon imitated [=copied] the idea.
4. intimidate/intimidation
- he tries to intimidate his rivals
- intimidation  lawsuit.
5. overlook
- The detective overlooked an important clue.
- His film was nominated for an Oscar, but Reiner himself was overlooked as best director.
- Milestones are an especially important element that's often overlooked.
- The final point is extremely important and usually overlooked.
6. glorify(vt,to honor or praise (a god or goddess))
- Especially since acqui-hires are glorified in the Valley.
7. sniff
- He sniffed his socks to see if they needed washing.
8. thwart(vt,to prevent (someone) from doing something or to stop (something) from happening)
- She did all she could to thwart his plans.
9. vomit
- Julie ate some bad food yesterday. She's going to vomit.
- I actually vomited a little.
10. envision(vt,to picture (something) in your mind)
- She envisioned a better life for herself.
11. creep/creepy(vi,to move slowly with the body close to the ground)
12. crush(vt,to press or squeeze (something) so hard that it breaks or loses its shape)
- Her arm was crushed in the accident.
13. solidify
- I am here to help you solidify your understanding of computer science fundamentals and then learn how to apply those fundamentals to crack the coding interview.
14. riddle/riddled(vt,to fill (something) with something that is bad or unpleasant — usually used as (be) riddled with)
- It's riddled  with bugs.
- Finally, when he began coding, he flew through the code with an initial solution, but it was riddled with mistakes that he failed to catch.
15. expedite
16. procure(obtain)/procurement
- She managed to procure a ticket to the concert.
- the procurement of materials and supplies
17. rebrand
- Businesses may decide to rebrand for several reasons.
18. rehash
- You're just rehashing the same argument all over again.
19. pique
- n,a sudden feeling of annoyance or anger when someone has offended you
- vt,to cause (curiosity or interest)
- After a moment of pique, the senator responded calmly to his accusers.
- The package piqued [=sparked, aroused] my curiosity.
20. pitch
- Interesting pitch. 有趣的展示.
- When you pitched me Pied Piper.

### 31
1. snap(vt,vi,to break quickly with a short, sharp sound)
- I’ve put up with my in-laws for four days and didn’t snap once…
2. hog(vt,informal,to take, keep, or use (something) in a way that prevents other people or things from having or using it)
- What Is Google Chrome Helper, and Why Is It Hogging My CPU Cycles?
3. haunt(vt,of a ghost : to visit or live in (a place))
- Spirits haunted the house.
4. assimilate/assimilation
- vt,to learn (something) so that it is fully understood and can be used
- vt,to cause (a person or group) to become part of a different society, country, etc.
- Children need to assimilate new ideas/concepts.
- Do the exercises on paper to test your assimilation.
5. dangle
- to hang down loosely especially in a way that makes it possible to swing freely
- I was dangling my feet in.我把脚放进泳池.
- approaching the dangling null at the end of each list
- The money she dangled in front of him wasn't enough to convince him to sell.
- She sat on the edge of the pool, dangling her feet in the water.
- Some companies will dangle money at you as an alternative to going on the PIP.You can take it and bail.
6. shackle(vt,to put shackles on (someone or something))
- placed shackles on the legs of the prisoners
- Obviously, this is much easier if you aren't shackled to them by some kind of unhumane quasi-slavery visa situation that we do to our friends who happen to  be bron somewhere else.
7. rant
- “You can rant and rave all you want,” she said, “but it's not going to change things.”
- his rants against organized religion
8. ossify(formal + disapproving,vi,vt, to become or to cause something to become unable to change)
- an ossified social hierarchy
- You can cheerfully sink into your comfort zone and let your opinions ossify into grumpy old man syndrome.Don't do that, it's not pleasant for anyone.
9. churn(vi,vt,to stir or mix something (such as water or mud) with force)
- The biggest problem they face is churn. Wireless providers lose an average of about 30% of their customers a year to competitors.
10. gripe(informal,to complain about something,vi+about,vt+that)
- This country wasn't built just by griping and complaining.
- Students griped about having too much homework.
- THe author may gripe about splitting the changelist because it's a tedious task.
11. compliment(vt,to say nice things about (someone or something))/complement(to complete something else or make it better)
- Sincere compliments ease this tension by demonstrating that you are their supportive teammate and not the cruel gatekeeper.
12. canvass
- vt,to ask (the people in an area) what they think about a candidate, project, idea, etc.
- Detectives are unsure whether the attacker was alone but said there were signs of forced entry into the home. Investigators have interviewed neighbors and canvassed the area.( to look at or consider (something) carefully)
13. stew(vt,vi,to cook (something) slowly in hot liquid)
- The longer you and your teammate stew in stalemate , the more damaging it is to your relationship.
14. weigh
- Weigh the cost of just approving the changes.
15. belittle(Vt,to describe (someone or something) as little or unimportant)
- He wanted us to recognize the users as people not just a user, which he thought was belittling.
- Try to be around smart, productive, happy, and positive people that don't belittle your ambitions.
16. dissect(vt,to cut (a plant or dead animal) into separate parts in order to study it)
- a 20-person meeting where you dissect code line by line.
17. squander(vt, to use (something) in a foolish or wasteful way)
- The government squandered [=wasted] the money on failed programs.
- squandering all our runway for fancy offices.
- Don't squander these resources on tasks a computer can do, especially when a computer can do them better.
- Don’t squander your potential living a life that amounts to far less than the one you are capable of living.
18. defer
- She deferred work on her book.
- The accountant advised us not to defer our taxes. [=not to pay our taxes later]
- She'll defer her decision.
19. codify(vt, to put (laws or rules) together as a code or system)
- When you reach agreement, codify that decision in your style guide.
20. deprecate
- I don't mean to deprecate [=belittle, minimize] his accomplishments.

### 32
1. cater
- The restaurant caters for parties.
- A local restaurant catered the banquet.
- the second one which is really catered towards those that are new maybe you've just tried vscode recently in the last few month.
2. obfuscate
- Hashing is a way to obfuscate the actual plain text password.
3. spot
- I spotted an error in my math.
- She spotted a deer in the woods.
- We’ll be able to spot that change and we’ll be able to deny the user access.
4. rove :(vi,vt, to go to different places without having a particular purpose or plan)
- I'm going to rove through the forest/mountains.
5. ameliorate(a·me·lio·rate,vt,formal,to make (something, such as a problem) better, less painful, etc.)
- medicine to ameliorate the pain.
6. inflict(in·flict,vt,to cause someone to experience or be affected by (something unpleasant or harmful))
- they inflicted serious injuries on three other men.
7. behoove(be·hoove,formal,vt,to be necessary or proper for (someone))
- He behaved with dignity, as behooves [=befits] a man of his age.
- I think it would  behoove  us to prioritize hiring a woman.
- Once again, it behooves a project to capture this critical information in a systematic, clear, and repeatable way.
8. demilitarize(de·mil·i·ta·rize)
- a demilitarized zone
9. bunk(vi,to stay overnight at a place)
- We'll bunk here for the night.
10. baffle/baffling(vt,to confuse (someone) completely)
- Patterns can be a good way to approach a baffling problem.
11. tantalize/tantalizing
- vt,to cause (someone) to feel interest or excitement about something that is very attractive, appealing, etc.
- This was baffling but tantalizing when introduced in the first episode.
12. flip
- the yacht was flipped by a huge wave
- I'm going to flip it using exclamation mark.
- Even though you and your team spent painstaking hours writing this proposal, selecting just the right graphics, and coming up with the best solution for your client’s problem, they may only read this one page and then flip to your pricing table.
13. scribble(vi,vt,to write (something) quickly and in a way that makes it difficult to read)
- it’s easy to scribble a DFD on a whiteboard while discussing how the user’s business operates.
14. retrofit(vt,to provide (something) with new parts that were not available when it was originally built)
- It can be difficult and expensive to retrofit desired quality characteristics into a product late in development or after delivery.
- The factory has been retrofitted to meet the new safety regulations.
- We can retrofit your car with the new fuel system.
15. circumvent(vt,formal,to avoid being stopped by (something, such as a law or rule) : to get around (something) in a clever and sometimes dishonest way)
- He found a way to circumvent the law.
- Any solutions that attempt to circumvent the judge will result in disqualification.
16. lag.
- Java performance lagged well behind C++.
17. bootstrap
- n, without help from other people : as a result of your own hard work
- the company is bootstrapping itself out of a marred financial past
18. espouse(vt,formal,to express support for (a cause, belief, etc.))
- The new theory has been espoused by many leading physicists.
- The premises of the on-site customer and close customer collaboration with developers that agile methods espouse certainly are sound.
19. convene(vt,vi,to come together in a group for a meeting)
- We convened at the hotel for a seminar.
- A world council was convened in Paris.
20. mutate(vt,vi,to cause (a gene) to change and create an unusual characteristic in a plant or animal : to cause mutation in (a gene))
- technology continues to mutate at an alarming rate

### 33
1. rumble(vi,to make a low, heavy, continuous sound or series of sounds)
- thunder rumbled, lightning flickered
2. vet/veterinarian/veterinary. vt:to evaluate for possible approval or acceptance
- I have to take my dog to the vet(veterinarian).
- They vetted her thoroughly before offering her the job.
- I’d imagine that at first it would likely only be open to a family of well-vetted partners, providing more of a semi-private API for a controlled platform than an openly available public API.
- you're vetting a candidate.
3. outstrip(vt, to be or become better, greater, or larger than (someone or something))
- The new hotel outstrips[=excel, surpass]all other hotels in the area in size and luxury.
4. toss(vt,to throw (something) with a quick, light motion)
- Do you really want to risk having your resume tossed for this reason?
- fair coin tossing
- She tossed the ball high in the air.
- She tossed the paper at the recycling bin.
- He tossed his dirty socks onto the floor.
- With so many applicants to wade through, recruiters and hiring managers may look for any excuse to toss your résumé.
5. eschew(formal,vt,to avoid (something) especially because you do not think it is right, proper, etc.)
- he appealed to the crowd to eschew violence
- a psychologist who eschews the traditional methods of psychotherapy
6. relinquish(vt,formal,to give up (something) : to give (something, such as power, control, or possession) to another person or group)
- relinquish any of my shares in their company.
- She was forced to relinquish control of the project.
- The court ordered him to relinquish custody of his child.
7. simulate/simulated
- red ocher intended to simulate blood
- They are trained in simulated combat.
8. vibrate
- And it should vibrate. 指手机.
- When you blow into the instrument, the air vibrates the reed.
9. assort/assorted/assortment
- assorted,adj,including several kinds
- assort these butterfly specimens according to geographic origin
- She hangs around with rock stars, drug addicts, and assorted [=various] other oddballs.
- the room was filled with an assortment of clothes
10. refrain(vi,formal,to stop yourself from doing something that you want to do)
- she refrained from comment
- I was going to make a joke but I refrained.
11. consist
- The exhibition will consist of a wide range of products aimed at the construction industry.
12. comprise(vt,to be made up of (something) : to include or consist of (something))
- the country comprises twenty states
- The play comprises three acts.
- The play is comprised of [=is composed of] three acts.
13. apportion(vt,formal,to divide (something) among or between people)
- voting power will be apportioned according to contribution
- we can apportion the money among/between us.
14. glean(vt,to gather or collect (something) in a gradual way, to search (something) carefully)
- the information is gleaned from press clippings
- They spent days gleaning the files for information.
15. resent(vt,to be angry or upset about (someone or something that you think is unfair))
- She resented being told what to do.
16. suppress(vt,to end or stop (something) by force)
- Political dissent was brutally suppressed.
- The governor tried to suppress the news.
17. grip(vt,to seize or hold firmly)
- The little boy gripped his mother's hand tightly.
18. marshal
- vt,to arrange or prepare (something, such as your thoughts or ideas) in a clear, effective, or organized way
- She carefully marshaled her thoughts before answering the question.
- fire marshal:an official who is responsible for enforcing fire regulations or investigating fires.
- As fire marshal, I would have to.
19. delineate(formal,vt,to clearly show or describe (something))
- The report clearly delineates the steps that must be taken.
20. confess(vt,vi(+to),to admit that you did something wrong or illegal)
- I must confess that I half believed you

### 34
1. prescribe(vt,to officially tell someone to use (a medicine, therapy, diet, etc.) as a remedy or treatment)
- This drug should not be prescribed to children.
2. ascribe to(to say or think that (something) is caused by, comes from, or is associated with (something or someone))
- ascribed their stunning military victory to good intelligence beforehand
3. repudiate(vt,formal,to refuse to accept or support (something) : to reject (something or someone),to say or show that (something) is not true)
- He has publicly repudiated the government's policies.
4. rewind
- Rewind the tape so that we can hear that song again.
5. suffice
- vi,to be or provide as much as is needed : to be sufficient
- I'm taking $400 - I think that should suffice.
6. vouch
- vouch for (someone or something):to say that (someone or something) is honest, true, or good.
- As a medical examiner I can vouch that his death was accidental.
7. infiltrate
- vt,to secretly enter or join (something, such as a group or an organization) in order to get information or do harm
- the water infiltrated into the soil.
8. inflate
- vt,to add air or gas to (something, such as a tire or a balloon) and make it larger
- We used a pump to inflate the raft.
- you might be able to inflate the lungs.
9. tease(vt,vi,to laugh at and criticize (someone) in a way that is either friendly and playful or cruel and unkind)
- vt,to remove or separate (thin pieces of something) slowly and carefully
- She carefully teased the roots of the young plant out of the soil.
- When he was younger, kid used to tease him about his frizzy hair, and braces.
10. decommission
- vt,to officially stop using (a ship, weapon, dam, etc.) : to remove (something) from service
- we have decommissioned natural selection.
11. stipulate(vt,to demand or require (something) as part of an agreement)
- Learning intricacies of a new software within the stipulated time of a project.
12. prune(vt,to reduce (something) by removing parts that are not necessary or wanted)
- This observation can be used to prune the permutation-based algorithm.
13. gratify(vt,formal,to make (someone) happy or satisfied)
- He was gratified to see how well his students had done.
14. conflate/conflation(vt,combine (two or more texts, ideas, etc.) into one.)
- I think that sometimes we conflate middle class with middle-income.
15. sidetrack(vt,to cause (someone) to talk about or do something different and less important)
- I'm sorry I'm late - I got sidetracked.
- to change the direction or use of (something) — usually used as (be) sidetracked
- The grant money was sidetracked [=diverted] to fund unrelated research projects.
16. reek(vi,+of,to have a very strong and unpleasant smell)
- Her breath reeked of garlic.
- That reeks,and i'm trying to eat.
17. permeate/permeation(vt,vi,formal,to pass or spread through (something))
- Dissatisfaction with the government seems to have permeated every section of society.
18. squish(vt,to press (something) into a flatter shape : squash)
- Don't sit on that bag - you'll squish the sandwiches.
19. cinch
- vt, to fasten (something, such as a belt or strap) tightly around someone or something
- informal : to make (something) certain to happen
- Time yourself. Candidates who solve interview problems quickly are more likely to cinch the interview.
20. chime/chime in
- vi,to make the sound of a ringing bell
- The door bell chimed.
- chime in 1.to add your comment or opinion to a conversation or discussion that you have been listening to
- He kept chiming in with his opinions.
- chime in 2.to be in agreement or harmony with something
- The illustrations chimed in perfectly with the story.

### 35
1. condone(vt,to forgive or approve (something that is considered wrong) : to allow (something that is considered wrong) to continue)
- Normally, I don't condone leaving early.But I have an appointment with the horse doctor.
- We cannot condone [=excuse] that kind of behavior.
2. stomp
- always followed by an adverb or preposition, [no object] : to walk or move with very heavy or noisy steps
- She sobbed and stomped for days.
3. patronize
- to give money or support to (someone or something)
- disapproving : to talk to (someone) in a way that shows that you believe you are more intelligent or better than other people
- Stop patronizing me - I understand the play as well as you do.
4. vanquish(vt,to defeat (someone) completely in a war, battle, etc.)
- vanquish fear
- The vanquished army surrendered their weapons.
5. shuffle
- vt,to move things or people into a different order or into different positions
6. unravel(vi,to fail or begin to fail)
- After months of investing, police finally had proof that the suspect was lying, and his tale began to unravel.
- vt,to find the correct explanation for (something that is difficult to understand)
- Scientists are still unraveling the secrets/mysteries of DNA.
7. demote/demotion(vt,to change the rank or position of (someone) to a lower or less important one)
- The captain was demoted (to sergeant) for failing to fulfil his duties.
8. barge
- always followed by an adverb or preposition [no object], to move or push in a fast, awkward, and often rude way
- I barge because I care.
9. pester(vt,to annoy or bother (someone) in a repeated way)
- Dwight tells me you've been pestering him for company info.
10. cede(formal,vt, to give control of (something) to another person, group, government, etc.)
- So i will cede her to you.
- Russia ceded Alaska to the U.S. in 1867.
11. hug
- I hugged him close.
12. muddle(vt,to cause confusion in (someone or someone's mind) — often used as (be) muddled)
- to mix up (something) in a confused way
- a mind muddled by too much advice.
- It's easy for candidates to muddle these concepts (probably because both have some concepts of" higher': "lower" and "exactly right"), but there is no particular relationship between the concepts.
13. surpass(vt,to be better or greater than (someone or something))
- No matter how big the constant is and how slow the linear increase is, linear will at some point surpass constant.
14. lurk
- vi,to be in a hidden place,to wait in a secret or hidden place especially in order to do something wrong or harmful
- computers : to read messages written by other people on the Internet in a newsgroup, chat room, etc., without writing any messages yourself
- lurker
- lurking around.
15. lounge(vi,to sit or lie in a relaxed way)
- shush(vt,to tell (someone) to be quiet)
- She was lounging on the sofa.
16. plow(vt,to dig into or break up (dirt, soil, land, etc.) with a plow)
- Plowing my own acres, going around shirtless all day.
17. metabolize
- vt,biology,to change (food) into a form that can be used by your body 
18. charm(vt,to cause (someone) to like you or to do what you want by being nice, friendly, etc.)
- You have to charm them.
- She charmed [=captivated] everyone with her warm smile.
19. intrigue(vt,to make (someone) want to know more about something : to cause (someone) to become interested)
- I was intrigued by his slow, deliberate way of talking and the serious look in his eyes.
20. implore(vt,formal,to make a very serious or emotional request to (someone))
- She implored her parents not to send her away to school.

### 36
1. extort(vt,to get (something, such as money) from a person by the use of force or threats)
- The gang is accused of extorting money from local store owners.
2. resemble
- He strongly resembles his father in appearance and in temperament.
3. pulsate(vi,to make strong and regular beats, sounds, flashes, etc.)
- The lights pulsated with the music.
4. underperform/outperform
- The company's shares have underperformed the market by 35%.
- The company has consistently outperformed its rivals this season.
5. escalate(vt,vi,to become worse or to make (something) worse or more severe)
- (vt)We are trying not to escalate the violence.
- (vi)The conflict has escalated into an all-out war.
- How to know when it’s time to escalate an issue to your manager?
6. muster
- vt, to work hard to find or get (courage, support, etc.)
- He finally mustered(up) the courage to ask her on a date.
- vi,vt,to gather together (a group of people, soldiers, etc.) especially for battle or war
- muster an army
- The soldiers mustered [=gathered] in the center of town.
7. lull
- vt,to cause (someone) to fall asleep or become sleepy
- The music lulled him to sleep.
- vt,to cause (someone) to feel safe and relaxed instead of careful and alert — + into
- He lulls you into believing his promises. [=he tricks you into believing his promises by making you feel that he can be trusted
8. puff(vt,vi,to breathe smoke from a cigarette, pipe, etc., in and out of the lungs)
- puffing smoke
9. perceive(vt,formal,to notice or become aware of (something))
- perceive HQ through the Internet.
- How do the French perceive the British?
10. bankroll(vt,informal,to supply money for (a business, project, person, etc.))
- His parents bankrolled(paid for) his college education.
11. grok(to understand something)
- There was a lot to grok.
12. shed(vt,to get rid of (something))
- Continually shedding the limitations of outdated thinking.
13. transpose(vt,to change the position or order of (two things))
- I must have accidentally transposed the numbers when I dialed his phone number.
14. deform(vt,vi,to change something so that it no longer has its normal or original shape)
- The disease eventually causes the bones to deform.
15. captivate/captivating(vt,to attract and hold the attention of (someone) by being interesting, pretty, etc.)
- What's so captivating? 什么这么有趣?
- The play has been captivating audiences for years.
16. dread(vt,to fear something that will or might happen)
- She dreaded going to piano lessons.
17. whip
- When I was working long hours at Google, it wasn't because they were whipping us to work harder.
18. sulk(vi,to be angry or upset about something and to refuse to discuss it with other people)
- She has been sulking all day.
19. scorch
- Dinner is a bit scorched.(burned)
20. swerve(vi to change direction suddenly especially to avoid hitting someone or something)
- The car swerved(turned) sharply to avoid hitting the deer.
- I swerved into the parking lot and told the guy behind the counter I was fired and if I could borrow a phone.

### 37
1. crumble(vt,vi,to break (something) into small pieces)
- Crumble the cookies into small bits.
- My world felt like it was crumbling(disintegrated).
2. disregard(vt,to ignore (something) or treat (something) as unimportant)
- Please disregard what I said before.
3. scrap(vt,to get rid of (something) because it is damaged, no longer useful, etc.)
- Before we launched Gmail, many people inside of Google thought that the whole project should be scrapped.
4. condemn(vt,to say in a strong and definite way that someone or something is bad or wrong)
- Anytime we seek to escape dogma, they are there to ridicule and condemn us.
5. nag(vt,vi,to annoy (someone) by often complaining about his or her behavior, appearance, etc)
- My wife nags me about my busy work schedule.
- Quit nagging! I already said I'm not going.
6. idolize(vt,to love or admire (someone) very much or too much)
- It was strange but idolized our leader.
7. resurrect
- vt,to bring (a dead person) back to life,to cause (something that had ended or been forgotten or lost) to exist again, to be used again, etc.
- Her reputation has been resurrected(restored).
8. fizzle(vi,informal,to gradually fail or end)
- The project ended up fizzling.
9. crave(vt,to have a very strong desire for (something))
- Look Men are visual creatures We crave beauty.
10. molest(vt,to harm (someone) through sexual contact : to touch (someone) in a sexual and improper way)
- He was sent to jail for molesting children.
11. deport/deportation
- She is now facing deportation.
12. capsize(of a boat)(vt,vi)(to turn over : to turn so that the bottom is on top)
- Would an average-sized rowboat support her without capsizing?
13. entrench/entrenched(vt,to place (someone or something) in a very strong position that cannot easily be changed)
- Officials who have tried to entrench themselves in office
- These attitudes are (deeply/firmly) entrenched in our culture.(adj)
14. amuse(vt,vi,to make someone laugh or smile : to entertain (someone) in a light and pleasant way)
15. bury(vt,to hide (something) in the ground)
- If your strategy is to just bury your head into the sand and ignore all of that.you're going to miss out on all of it.
16. ripen
- vi,to become ripe and ready to eat
- vt,to make (something) ripe
- You can ripen the fruit by placing it in a paper bag and storing it at room temperature for a few days.
17. cuckold(vt,to have sex with someone other than (your husband),to have sex with the wife of (another man))
- You've been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male.
18. spike(vi,to increase greatly in a short period of time)
- The server’s CPU load spikes, and you have to figure out why.
19. stump(vt,to be too difficult for (someone) to answer)
- The question completely stumped the contestant.
20. interrogate/interrogation(vt,to ask (someone) questions in a thorough and often forceful way)
- Officers, Are you sure you don't want to interrogate him?

### 38
1. slate(vt:to arrange or plan for something to happen, someone to be chosen, etc. — usually used as (be) slated)
- We are slated for cool, wet weather this weekend.
- She is slated to become the company's next president.
2. splatter
- Rain splattered against the windows.
3. parcel(to make up into a parcel : WRAP)
- parcel sth up
- Parcel up the books and we'll send them off tomorrow.
4. whine(vi,vt,to complain in an annoying way)/whiny
- The review is way too whiny in my opinion.
- He's always whining about the weather.
- Save your whining for the jury there.
- I'm sick of his whiny complaints.
5. reconcile(SETTLE, RESOLVE)
- By seeing and hearing simultaneously, you'll learn to reconcile the differences between the appearance of English(spelling) and the sound of English(pronunciation and the other aspects of accent).
6. equate
- Many people equate accent with pronunciation.
7. hamper(vt,to slow the movement, progress, or action of (someone or something))
- learners can be seriously hampered by a negative outlook.
8. insinuate(vt,to say (something, especially something bad or insulting) in an indirect way)/insinuating
- Just what are you insinuating? [=implying]
9. exasperate(vt,to make (someone) very angry or annoyed)
- That whole situation can exasperate what we're doing here.
10. excoriate(vt,formal,to criticize (someone or something) very harshly)
-  He was excoriated as a racist.
11. inflame(vt,to cause (a person or group) to become angry or violent)
- you inflame people who resent that.
12. erect(vt,to build (something) by putting together materials)
-  a lone tree remained erect after the terrible tornado had passed
13. terrorize(vt,to cause (someone) to be extremely afraid)
- They can terrorize an immigrant with his lack of papers.
14. impair(vt,to make (something) weaker or worse)
- It can also impair learning.
15. amortize(vt,to pay money that is owed for something (such as a mortgage) by making regular payments over a long period of time)
- we can amortise those costs-- after, of course,working on our content layer.
16. sidetrack
- vt,to cause (someone) to talk about or do something different and less important — usually used as (be/get) sidetracked
- vt,to change the direction or use of (something) — usually used as (be) sidetracked
-  We get sidetracked with distractions, large and small.
17. mangle
- vt,to injure or damage (something or someone) severely by cutting, tearing, or crushing
- vt,to do (something) badly : to ruin (something) because of carelessness or a lack of skill
-  In fact, mangling the user experience is other people's business model.
18. monetize(vt,to utilize (something of value) as a source of profit)
-  If you're monetizing by ads, you want to monetize your ads, and not the ads that random people are inserting, which, incidentally, is a business model.
19. underlie(to be at the basis of : form the foundation of : SUPPORT)
- So to recap,TLS underlies all those performance guarantees.
20. encumber
- vt,to make (someone or something) hold or carry something heavy — usually used as (be) encumbered
- vt,to cause problems or difficulties for (someone or something)
- Lack of funding has encumbered the project.
- We were encumbered by our heavy coats and boots.

### 39






