V

1. wobble
1. invigorate
1. discredit
1. impound
- Cars left over 30 days may be impounded at owner's expense.
2. binge
- I am binge watching GOT.
3. vend(to sell something)
- If you want to vend something for others to use, it's best to build it into live.
4. divulge
5. ogle
6. shrivel
- she is old, and shriveled.
7. tally
- Okay, everyone, I've tallied the votes.
8. anguish
9. traumatize
10. topple
- Why would they balk at a chance to topple him?
11. balk
12. sideline
- He's sidelining Parliament.
13. impeach
- Some top Democrats are calling for Supreme Court Justice Jim to be impeached.
14. intermingle
15. delve
16. manifest:formal,vt,to show (something) clearly
17. obviate
18. allude
- allude to (something or someone)
19. overheard
20. toil
- But as I’ve talked to more folks in this interview, it’s like many of them find that they switch roles or switch companies and get the title relatively easily where they had been toiling for years to actually get into that role.
21. skew
- Skew the measurements.
22. overlay
23. disentangle
24. contravene
1. boycott
15. sully
- You can't let what you see sully your image of them.

N
steward
custodian
outpost
bounty
- bug bounty program
magician
whatnot
onslaught
- It was like we were so scared that there was going to be this onslaught of traffic. And so we built a bunch of circuit breakers for different modules on the homepage.
heroics
- An example, everything from I woke up last night, I got paged at 3:00 AM and did some heroics to bring the site back up to I had to run a local test 12 times today, and it took five minutes per run.
hindsight
paralysis
dashboard paralysis or dashboard overwhelm. People are just sick of the dashboards. They have too many dashboards, so they stop looking at them all together. 
polemic
adversary
gamut
covenant
mainstay
adage
hindrance
totalitarian
resemblance
preamble
aftermath
snag
misnomer
monstrosity
myopia
tedium
forgery
animosity
dismay
scaffolding

provenance
gangster

fib
influx
- Now at that point, we were starting to see a huge influx of mobile traffic.
mantras
- I guess that there are two similar, but different mantras that people take when they think about React. 

Adj
unilaterally
-  I mean, first, someone can't decide to unilaterally prevent you from trading a given DeFi asset. 
diametrical
disingenuous
nimble
newfangled
tenacious
finicky
mind–numbing 
unfathomable
rhetorical
indisputable
nonchalant
obstinate
insurmountable
convulsive
divisive
flawed
indispensable
wondrous
vexing
horrendous
Her grammar is horrendous.
sibilant/plosive
receptive
- be receptive and be open to listening.
exasperated
- they are exhausted and exasperated.
hereditary
provocative
boisterous
mellifluous
sluggish
Alice's Travel Guide Website is really slow and sluggish.
And Alice is like, OK, that's weird because on my computer,
it's really fast and snappy and responsive.
unobtrusive
covers up her own lightweight, unobtrusive ads.
negligible
 Google way back in 2010 was able to migrate to HTTPS,migrate all of g-mail to HTTPS, with a pretty negligible performance impact.
underlying
TLS is the underlying protocol used to set up a secure connection for HTTPS.
captive
And it's tailored to the needs of dynamic applications,
Passive eavesdroppers, active tampers
who are not messing with your traffic for the purpose of inserting ads.
1. idempotent
- the operation is idempotent
2. perpetual
- The descaling program aims to recoup the infrastructure costs (IMR) as quickly as possible.
3. exhilarating
- How was the ride?It was exhilarating.
4. indigenous
5. visceral/viscera
- that visceral feeling of design debt where it's, like, you have all of this old stuff that was created once upon a time.
6. grueling
7. egregious
- egregious offenders 
8. unholy
9. hospitable
10. sacrosanct
- Contract with customers is sacrosanct.
11. fallible
12. subpar
- If your sites that you wanted to save an article from wasn’t in that set, then you would have like a very subpar experience.
13. remiss

03/13/21
Can I place an order for takeout?
Can I have/get (something) to go, please?
How long will it take?
Can I get half pound(lb) of turkey, please?

First Listen and then pick up the content words.
Comedian:Louis CK 

03/14/21
I beg to differ. 恐怕我难以苟同.
It's your call. 你决定.
Whatever works for you.
These's no rush.不急.
Take your time. 慢慢来.
That's a bummer.
I don't recall. 我忘了.
Just chill out. 冷静下来.
Don't get burned out.不要累坏了.
Don's stress yoruself out. 不要给自己太大压力.
Why would you do that? 你为什么要这么做?
This is unreal.这简直太离谱了.
Not a chance. 没门.

Black coffee纯咖啡.
Sandwich  d silent.
Hash browns:马铃薯煎饼.
Condiments: 调味品.
Ketchup 番茄酱
Mustard 芥末
Dipping sauce. 蘸酱
Pickles 泡黄瓜

03/15/21
one order of fries
Can I have extra spread?
Republican: Conservative(思想保守) Democrat: Liberal(思想开放).
You are too liberal with the word legendary.你用legendary这个词太随意.
Caruosel: 机场行李转运带/旋转木马
How long have you been doing this?

03/18/21
Barista 咖啡师.
Tall 中杯 Grande 大杯 Venti 超大杯
Drink carrier
Could I have a tall iced latte with 2% milk and extra foam please?