N
1. testament
- I don't think I'm a testament to anything.(proof of).
2. downfall




ADJ
1. imperative
2. remiss
- I was remiss in paying my bills.
- I would be remiss if i did not ask the pretty young lady out on a date for this weekend.


V



1. detonator 雷管

### People
1. mobster
2. gangster
3. thorax
4. chump
- And he made us all look like chumps.
5. espionage
6. amateur
7. custodian
8. surrogate
9. weirdo
10. voyeur
11. triad
12. clan
- How can you hold them off until your clan arrives? You cannot go wrong with a throat punch.
13. scoundrel
14. servant
15. bumpkin
16. treason
17. santa clause/claus圣诞老人.
18. princess 公主.
19. moron/morons
20. nanny
21. cyborg.半个机器人.
22. wuss
23. dickhead
24. simpleton
- He is a bit of a simpleton.
25. gringo
26. tot(small children)
27. menace
- Jim halpert is a menace.
28. tranny
29. quadruplet
30. homeboy

### P2
1. scumbag
2. fetus
3. proprietor 经营者/业主.
4. coward/cowardly
5. alien
- We might as well have interns, we hire illegal aliens.
6. clown
- Those guys are clowns. 这些人就是小丑.
7. moron
8. poser
9. congressman
10. corporal
11. hostage
12. trooper
13. braggart
14. novice
- One mistake, frequently made by novice interviewers, is to be indecisive.
15. mastermind
- Pam was the mastermind.
16. handyman
- A handyman competent with wood and metal.
17. protégé
18. infantry
19. slater
20. mistress
- Buy a sports car, get a mistress half your age, run a marathon, open a restaurant ...
21. elite
22. asshole
23. immigrant
24. jester
- and also be her court jester.
25. endorser
- To extend an offer, the HC wants to see at least one interviewer who is an "enthusiastic endorser:'
26. pushover
- Krista gets whatever she wants – her parents are real pushovers.
27. paragon
- a paragon of a wife
28. martyr
- Google Chrome Helper is a martyr.
29. dwarf
30. guru
- these 3 are my gurus.

### P3
1. heathen
- a missionary sent to distant lands to convert the heathens
2. acrobat/acrobatic
- a child who is a natural acrobat with a superb sense of balance
3. genie
- I don't think u can put that genie back in the bottle now.
4. techie 技术人员
5. peon
- I was just the mindless peon whose work was so irrelevant that it could be pre-empted at a moment's notice.
- “Those rich politicians don't care about peons like us,” she complained.
- The new policy changes affect the whole department, from the manager down to the office peons. [=the lowest paid workers in the office]
6. shrew
- Well,you, madam , are a shrew of the first order.顶级悍妇.
7. executive
8. mediator.
- if you two cannot resolve this argument on your own, we'll have to bring in a mediator
9. naysayer(nay·say·er)
- naysayers claim that the idea is just a rebranding of service-oriented architecture (SOA).
- Sometimes you just need to thank the nonbelievers and naysayers, for they are what give you the inspiration to keep going.
10. intermediary.
- intermediaries between lenders and borrowers
11. deliveryman
12. apprentice
13. intruder
- detecting intruders
14. niece/nephew
15. The rookie
- There are three rookies in the starting lineup.
16. liaison
- Administrators need to establish a close liaison with employees.
- he's our liaison with a number of interested parties
17. dork/dorky(stupid and awkward)
18. slut/slutty
19. prude

### Animal
1. roach
- roach motel
2. mallard
3. hamster
4. lemming
5. reindeer
6. amphibian
7. carnivore
8. octopus
9. scavenger
10. donkey
11. dinosaur

### Food
1. tiramisu
2. peach
3. caramel
4. tamale
5. mustard
6. broccoli
7. peppermint
8. pepperoni/crust/topping/alfredo/mozzarella/cabbage/crunchy/entrée
9. culinary(烹饪)
10. sammich(sandwich)
11. walnuts
12. sundae bar
13. ketchup(番茄酱)
14. pretzel
15. gruel
16. topping
17. hardtack
18. linguini
19. aphrodisiac
20. pasties
- So no pasties today.
21. beverage
- Would like a beverage? Yes, I would.
22. lemonade
23. grapefruit


### 物品
1. purse钱包
2. itinerary
3. helium
4. fabric
5. wringer


### 病药
1. diarrhea
2. anesthetic
3. pediatrician(儿科医生)
4. placebo
5. probiotic


### 专有名词
1. sandal
- The man is wearing sandals.I don't need to see oscar's toes at work.
2. knapsack
3. collar
4. binocular
- binoculars 望远镜
5. algebra
6. ascii code/unicode
7. theorem
8. blackjack
9. crisper
- more room in the crisper.更多冰箱(保鲜盒)中的空间.
10. dissertation
11. dovetail
12. casket=coffin
13. shrapnel


### Car
1. 双门车 Coupe
2. 四门车 Sedan
3. 掀背车 Hatchback
4. 小卡车 Pickup
5. 油电混合车 Hybrid




5. overarch
6. granularity
7. granular
9. heuristic
- a heuristic computer program
- As we’ve seen, recursion is a pretty good heuristic in this case.
11. annexe
10. annex
- Many privileges were annexed exclusively to royalty.
- The government planned to annex the islands.
11. redeem
- He wants to redeem his reputation.
- The company redeemed some of its stock.
12. dude
13. underpin
- The result is a rapid growth curve to underpin the Facebook messaging masterplan.
- a wall underpinned by metal beams
14. camaraderie.
- the enforced camaraderie of office life
- There is great camaraderie among the teammates.
15. gastronome. a gourmet.
16. interoperability
17. biscuit
18. wordy
- The original script was too wordy.
19. colon  punctuation :
20. practitioner
- a French doctor who was once the most famous practitioner of natural childbirth
21. allure
- was so allured by his sister's college roommate that before long he was asking her for a date
22. drowsy.sleepy.
23. scorch.The meat will scorch.肉要烤焦了.
24. sleepyhead.
25. sitcom.
26. scum
26. scammer.
- She was the victim of an insurance scam.
27. cafeteria.
28. supper,supperless
29. wastage.
- the wastage of natural resources.It could also reduce food wastage which is estimated to cost at least 10 billion yuan every year.
30. Intranet .  intranets and extranets
1. subordinate clause
2. syntactic
- syntactic sugar
3. underbrush
12. credible
- We've received credible information about the group's location.
13. luncheon.a formal lunch, or a formal word for lunch.
- The luncheon is for the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
14. comedian
- You'll like my friend. He's a real comedian.
15. de-facto 实际上
- with the death of his father, he became the de facto head of the family
16. distill
- They distill the whiskey from malted barley.
17. presuppose
- the book presupposes its readers will already know something about the subject
18. tame
- He struggled to tame his temper.
19. preclude.
- Illness precludes
- his difficulties preclude him from leading a normal life
20. unthinkable
- to most people it seemed unthinkable that such a gentle man could be guilty of such awful crimes
21. repertoire
- He has a limited repertoire when it comes to cooking.
- The band's repertoire includes both classic and modern jazz.
22. copious.
- The storm produced a copious amount of rain.
23. procure.
- However, the couple was reportedly being made to jump through hoops in order to procure the necessary paperwork.
- he procured his wife to sign the agreement
24.bottleneck
- performance bottlenecks
25. enumerate
- Let me enumerate my reasons for doing this.
26. tradeoffs
- the education versus experience trade-off which governs personnel practices.
27. mediocre.
- The news said that your tech is mediocre.
- The dinner was delicious, but the dessert was mediocre.
28. interim
-  In the interim(在过渡期)
- there was a brief interim in the proceedings while everyone got organized
- there is no question that the work on the North Side will enhance everyone’s use and experience of the Library,” wrote Emily Miller Bonney, interim library dean, in an announcement on the library’s website.
29. testimonials
- Social media is filled with inspiring weight loss testimonials.
30. stake
- She staked the tomatoes to keep them from falling over.

### 第4组
1. trek
- We trekked across the country in her old car.
- Our car broke down and we had a long trek back to town.
2. autism
3. pretentious
- Are people rich and pretentious?
4. cutthroat
- Competition in China is to cutthroat.
- while traveling the ancient Silk Road, traders were constant prey to cutthroats and thieves
5. legitimately:adv,合理地.legitimate adj,conforming to the law or to rules. v,make legitimate; justify or make lawful.
- money earned legitimately [=legally] a question that can be legimately asked
6. monolith,n,可数,formed of a single large block of stone.
7. spaghetti,n,意大利面.
8. exceptional
- You are doing an exceptional  job.
8. exceptionally: to a greater degree than normal; unusually.
- an exceptionally difficult task
9. delineation
- his simple but striking delineations of Dutch landscapes
10. inadvertently:adv,without intention; accidentally.
- an inadvertent encounter with a rattlesnake in the brush
11. Pseudo-code: 伪代码.
12. integers, or floating point.,negatives,positives,正负数.
13. equation
14. unidirectional:adj,moving or operating in a single direction.
- In both cases, movement is unidirectional, as in, everyone is trying to move in the same direction.
15. reconcile:v,restore friendly relations between.
- But most tend to reconcile conflicts through heart-to-heart talks.
- It can be difficult to reconcile your ideals with reality.
16. recap:n,a summary of what has been said; a recapitulation.
          v,state again as a summary; recapitulate.
- recapping a company is complex.让一个企业重生十分复杂.
17. verbatim:adv,in exactly the same words as were used originally.逐字地
- Some passages in the book are taken verbatim from the blog …
- don't read it verbatim.
18. apricot:n,杏.
19. construe:v,interpret (a word or action) in a particular way.
- The way the court construes various words has changed over time.
20. wholly,adv,entirely; fully.
- An infant is wholly dependent on its mother.
21. concomitant.
- The drug's risks increase with the concomitant use of alcohol.
22. esoteric.
- metaphysics is such an esoteric subject that most people are content to leave it to the philosophers
23. cartridge
24. rinse.
- I gave my hands a quick rinse.always rinse your hair thoroughly.
- I rinsed my face in the sink.
25. ergonomi
- Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 for Business - Wired
26. remainders.
- He was returned to prison to serve the remainder of the seven-year sentence.
- He devoted the remainder of his life to other literary projects and died in 1903 of cancer.
27. tout.
- The company is running advertisements touting the drug's effectiveness.
28.  ware
- She sold her wares at the market.
29. payoff
- You'll have to work hard but there'll be a big payoff in the end.
- We made a lot of sacrifices with little payoff.
30. money sign

### 第3组 2018-02-02
1. provocative:adj,causing annoyance, anger, or another strong reaction, especially deliberately.
- a provocative question
2. sift
- The police sifted the evidence in hopes of finding a clue.
4. wisdom:n,the quality of having experience, knowledge, and good judgment; the quality of being wise.
- a young person of great wisdom
5. dumb:adj ① (of a person) unable to speak, most typically because of congenital deafness. ②  stupid
6. intent extraction
7. entrepreneur
8. appendage
- The court system acts as an appendage to the government.
9. glaring
10. mediate
- has a black-and-white view of human nature, believing that there is no mediate state between good and evil(adj)
- He has been appointed to mediate the dispute.
12. taxonomy
- the taxonomies of various plant groups
13. rationalism
- But rationalism has provided a new spin on this old debate.
14. wallet
- He pulled a few bills out of his wallet.
15. slap
- I'm tired of getting slapped for it.
- She slapped him across the face.
- He slapped me on the back and said “Good job!”.
16. transcend
- music that transcends cultural boundaries
17. ain't,contraction,am not; are not; is not.
- It ain't’ perfect but it’s better than what's out there
18. disembody
19. antiquated
- Everything you're doing here is antiquated.
- adj,old-fashioned or outdated.过时的,Downloading an app will be antiquated.
20. neuron:n,可数,神经元.a specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses; a nerve cell.
21. tether
- the horse had been tethered to a pos
22. leverage
- The player's popularity has given him a great deal of leverage with the owners of the team.
- How to leverage all the cool features of viscose.
23. lever:n,杠杆.
24. fallacy:the notion that the camera never lies is a fallacy谬论.
- The fallacy of their ideas about medicine soon became apparent.
25. toilet paper:卫生纸.
26. paper towels:纸巾.
26. enthusiast n,可数,发烧友.a person who is highly interested in a particular activity or subject.
27. hone: v, ① sharpen (a blade). ② refine or perfect (something) over a period of time.
- In general, early debates largely serve as a helpful dress rehearsal for candidates to hone their skills before voters really start to tune into the upcoming elections.
28. dork:a dull, slow-witted, or socially inept person. 白痴.
- I look like a complete dork in these clothes.
- Don't be suck a dork.
29. procrastination ,n,拖延.the action of delaying or postponing something.
- He procrastinated and missed the submission deadline.
30. cliffhanger,n,可数,悬念.an ending to an episode of a serial drama that leaves the audience in suspense.

### 第2组
1. patrol
2. Not eligible for traffic school.
3. pavilion:n,a building or similar structure used for a specific purpose, in particular.
4. miscellaneous:(of items or people gathered or considered together) of various types or from different sources.杂项
- a miscellaneous collection of tools
5. calibrate
- v,mark (a gauge or instrument) with a standard scale of readings.
6. “When was the last time you calibrate your radar gun？”（你上一次校准你的雷达是什么时候？）
7. "Were you moving when you clocked my speed?" （当你记录我速度的时候你有在移动吗？）
8. odometer reading:里程表
9. 现场(On-site),场外(Off-site)
10. Enforcement Hours执法时间.
11. Intersession:a short period between university terms, sometimes used by students to engage in projects outside the normal academic program.
12. Payroll Deduction:工资扣除
13. delinquent:adj,(typically of a young person or that person's behavior) showing or characterized by a tendency to commit crime, particularly minor crime.
- His delinquent behavior could lead to more serious problems.
14. Notice of Delinquent 发出欠款通知
15. forge:v,produce a copy or imitation of (a document, signature, banknote, or work or art) for the purpose of deception.
- forge a document forge a signature
- As we forge our new path together.既然我们要共同开辟新的道路
16. allotted time period:
17. paying or contesting the tickets.
18. immobilize:prevent (something or someone) from moving or operating as normal.
- I was immobilized by fear.
19. license plate:牌照.
20. biographical information (e.g. full name, address, country of birth, etc.)
21. reinstate/reinstitute:restore (someone or something) to their former position or condition.
- After his name was cleared, he was reinstated as committee chairperson.
- The school board voted to reinstate the school's uniform policy.
- reinstituting casual friday?
22. premium:
- Car insurance premiums
- Health insurance premiums went up again this year.
- lavish feasts at which premium wines flowed freely
23. counterfeit:adj made in exact imitation of something valuable or important with the intention to deceive or defraud. n :a fraudulent imitation of something else; a forgery.
- The concert ticket is counterfeit.
- counterfeit currency that had been passed all over town
24. arboretum:a botanical garden devoted to trees.植物园
- Hundreds of bee-friendly plants will be available at the arboretum's spring sales.
25. testimonial,n,可数,a formal statement testifying to someone's character and qualifications.推荐.
- He received a glowing testimonial from his former employer.
26. testify:v,give evidence as a witness in a law court. 作证.
- She refused to testify about who had given her the information.
27. Downtime:time during which a machine, especially a computer, is out of action or unavailable for use.
28. stipend:a fixed regular sum paid as a salary or allowance.助学金.
- He receives a small stipend for his work as a research fellow.
29. parenthesis pl:parentheses
30. fumble
- They fumbled a good opportunity to take control of the market.
- How Apple Fumbled The Voice First Future?

### 第1组
1. tow: 拖车。
2. honk: v按喇叭。（make or cause to make a honk.）
- I honked at the car in front of me.
3. horn: n 喇叭。
3. brother in law: 姐夫。
4. Manuel transmission vehicle 手动挡汽车。
5. rear-view mirror.后车镜。
6. He pulled out into the street. 他把车开到了街上。
7. rear-end collisions追尾碰撞
8. jerky:adj characterized by abrupt stops and starts..  ② contemptibly foolish.
9. parking lot driving:停车场驾驶
10. destination trip:目的地之旅
11.  do it with conviction.
12. tailgate:v:drive too closely behind another vehicle.
- He hit the car in front of him because he was tailgating.
13. speedometer:车速表
14. gas pedal:油门踏板
15. upper torso:上部躯干
- stab him in the lower torso.
16. amenable:adj:(of a person) open and responsive to suggestion; easily persuaded or controlled.
- whatever you decide to do, I'm amenable—just let me know
17. On the benefits side，On the costs side。
18. benefit to cost ratio
19. straddle:跨
20. blink
20. blinker:a device that blinks, especially a vehicle's turn signal.(信号灯)
21. emergency brake:手刹
22. outage:n,a period when a power supply or other service is not available or when equipment is closed down.
23. manpower:the number of people working or available for work or service. eg:the police had only limited manpower
24. tentative schedule:暂定时间表
25. faucet:a device by which a flow of liquid or gas from a pipe or container can be controlled; a tap.
水龙头
26. approachable:① friendly and easy to talk to. ② (of a place) able to be reached from a particular direction or by a particular means.
27. infraction:a violation or infringement of a law, agreement, or set of rules.
- speeding is only a minor infraction, but vehicular homicide is a serious felony
28. misdemeanor:a minor wrongdoing.
- But that same month, Avelica’s lawyers contested his misdemeanor convictions, arguing that he hadn’t been adequately advised about the immigration consequences.
29. plead:v,make an emotional appeal.
- Plead Guilty and Pay the Fine：认罪并付钱了事
- He begged and pleaded, but she would not change her mind.
30. a traffic citation:a summons.













--------------------
27. contraction
- She felt contractions every two minutes.
9. divisible
- If it is divisible by 5, replace it with "Buzz".
5. cubic
- cubic runtime
4. quadratic,adj,involving the second and no higher power of an unknown quantity or variable. n,a quadratic equation.
- We need quadratic time.
22. sanitize/indices
- We want to sanitize out input.
15. nearsighted/farsighted
19. aerodynamic
- aerodynamic performance.
12. pendent
- Buy Bellatrix Gold Pendent at Best Price
1. misogynistic
28. theatrical
1. 转租assignment 分租sublease.
8. euthanize/euthanasia
- a physician who refuses to practice euthanasia.
29. watery
- Those big watery red eyes.








































29. as.
adverb:used in comparisons to refer to the extent or degree of something.(比较)
conjunction:used to indicate that something happens during the time when something is taking place.(同时)
preposition:used to refer to the function or character that someone or something has.
noun:an ancient Roman copper coin.




2. atop
- The house sits atop a cliff overlooking the ocean.


10. insofar
- But she does tie the philosophy to the facts of his life, insofar as we know them.


25. irrespective
- Child benefit is paid irrespective of income levels
- But algorithms and data structures are the most basic thing.The algorithm remains same irrespective of programming language and the common data structures’ concept also remains the same in all languages, only implementation changes.















虚词:
1. ever
14. yet.
- conj:the path was dark, yet(but at the same time/but nevertheless) I slowly found my way.
11. till

29. all-out

=====================
12. swivel

18. cascade
18. hypoallergenic

8. monotonic/monotone
- strictly monotonically increasing sequence
11. unguarded
- You shouldn't leave your bag unguarded like that.
15. spat(spit)
- "Get out!" she spat, when Ace appeared in the doorway.
24. splinter
- The girl had a splinter (of wood) in her toe.
1. spectacle
- spectacle intrigue
17. convex
23. permuted
- "edified" can be permuted to form "deified".
29. spatial
- spatial problems.
2. unmovable
- unmovable deadline.
23. portfolio
- But when you combine our portfolios, Peter Gregory and I account for billions of dollars in assets.
26. plumbing
- The house has old plumbing.
6. amortize.
- they want to amortize the tooling costs quickly
- amortized time complexity 均摊时间复杂度
7. parenthetical
8. parentheses:括号. ()
10. dash
16. trap
16. trapdoor
18. physics/physicist
30. moisturizer lotion.
5. merits and demerits.
- the merits and demerits of these proposals
6. collocation
- 700 common English verb collocations.
23. spotty -wifi
- students with spotty attendance records
23. sapling.: a young tree
25. cyclone. chiefly US : tornado
27. hose. pl: hoses.a long, usually rubber tube that liquids or gases can flow through
6. tip of the tongue.舌尖.
2. antarctica n:南极洲
3. consonant 辅音.
4. vowels 元音.
21. ripple->tsunami
3. gerund. 动名词.
4. infinitive. 不定式.
5. transitive verb. 及物动词.
6. intransitive verb. 不及物动词.
7. present participle. 现在分词.past participle过去分词.preposition.介词.conjunction. 连词.parentheses. 插入语.
8. independent sentences.独立的句子.
9. Glossary: 词汇表.
16. hackle
- The dog stared, ears flattening, and she saw his hackles rise along his spine.
10. coca-cola
9. phonetic,adj,of or relating to speech sounds.

16.  Proof-read .校对.
17. epilogue. n.结语.
22. encryption/decryption
23. gigabytes
24. thumbnail
- You can see a larger version of the picture by clicking on the thumbnail.
25. portability. 可移植性.
26. barcode. 条码
27. footage .镜头.
28. quasi  prefix.seemingly; apparently but not really.quasi-American
28. pedigree
- Democracy's pedigree stretches back to ancient Greece
30. boilerplate
- boilerplate code
30. non-boilerplate.
- I'm going to copy this file so we don't have to rewrite that boilerplate and we'll paste it right in here.
1. polymorphism.多态.
3. spoiler
- The review contains a few spoilers, so don't read it if you haven't seen the movie.
7. gallop/warp
- Prevent scope creep (or gallop, or warp speed)
16. half trousers.
10. Firmware:固件.
29. unoccupied stall
1. italicize:set (text)/ in italics.
8. pendrive
9. pancake
10. omelet
11. muffin
12. toast
13. vanilla/strawberry
18. hyphen(-)
19. right carrot
26. toothpaste 牙膏.
27. mint flavor.薄荷味.
28. dartboard 飞镖.
16. pendant
17. necklace
18. bracelet
22. plural.adj,n. 复数.
23. Thesaurus.词库. a book that lists words in groups of synonyms and related concepts.
24. synonyms and antonyms同义词和反义词.
26. lavatory.飞机上的洗手间.
27. piggyback
8. intonation
- she spoke English with a German intonation
9. masonic.共济会.
10. rollerblading.skateboarding
11. mandarin chinese
12. fiancée
13. perimeter. 周长
14. a bit contrived
15. auditorium礼堂
16. adverbial.状语.
17. obituary.讣告
27. licorice. 甘草

29. seesaw. 跷跷板.
5. avionics. 航空电子学
10. semantic
-  the process of semantic development
14. podium 讲台.(po·di·um)
17. confectionery n 糖果.(con·fec·tion·er·y)
24. phoneme/allophone
27. trapezoid.(trap·e·zoid) 梯形;
28. diphthong. 双元音.
29. kettle. n水壶. cattle.黄牛.
30. pickle. 泡菜,咸菜;
18. impedance 电阻
19. supper
-  breakfast, lunch, and supper
27. aquarium
- build an  Aquarium with sharks in it
18. padlock. 挂锁.
30. jello-果冻 dumbass 笨蛋.
1. tilde ~.
15. rowing
- She was on the rowing team.
29. chopsticks
1. automatic 自动挡.
2. manual/stick shift car. 自动挡车.
22. polynomial 多项式.
16. espresso. 浓咖啡 caffeine 咖啡因
25. dimple
- dimples 酒窝 beard 胡子 cages笼子 animals and cages in the zoo. underwear. 内衣.
0. Chinese buffet restaurant. meteor shower 流星雨. 
2. scissor 剪刀.
0. 1美分-Penny
0. 5美分-Nickel
0. 10美分-Dime
0. 25美分-quarter dollar,quarter
0. 50美分-half dollar
0. 1美元-One Dollar
0. tournament
0. granite satellite..janitor.ostrich.
0. English alphabet.
0. squirrel. lettuce. colonel. fruit. recipe. sew. choir.watermelon.
0. advertisement. bathroom.
0. roof. blender.blander. blunder.
0. legs.lags.lugs.leagues.
0. dead/ded/.did/dɪd/.deed/diːd/.dud/dʌd/.dad/dæd/.
0. Most new businesses, they don't make a profit till at least two years.And then your margins will be razor-thin.
0. strapline 副标题.Chat bots. 聊天机器人.razor 剃刀.male grooming products. ambulation
0. Scented Bar.  Hand/Body Soap.viral video.病毒视频.email advocacy
0. purveyor. sauce(酱) saucer(茶托). scarf 围巾 hamster 仓鼠.kitten 小猫 horror movie
0. romance movies.  penguin 企鹅. fought/bought/ate/won/forgot/slept/drunk/drank..garage/garbage
0. caviar 鱼子酱. bonus/award. metropolitan (metro).
0. Stainless Steel 不锈钢.noble savages.luggage 行李. weigh luggage.kiosk
0. savage
- The guy is savage.
0. kickback(回扣)
0. rink 滑冰场.
- She did all she could to thwart his plans.
- The army thwarted the attempt at a coup.
0. cupcakes, cereal, delicious herb, jerk(a stupid person, usually a man) 很讨厌的人.beeper.
11. asterisk : *  symbol (*)
=====================




1. level with sb
- Seriously? Look, you guys are smart, so I'm just leveling with you.
16. wipe,right off the bat
- Litigation wipes out half our funds right off the bat.
26. dough-money
5. buff out
- That's a deep scratch. That will not buff out.
16. screen name.
18. buckle up.系好安全带.
19. No bars.没信号.
23. Remittance Addresses
24. mileage allowance
26. utility bill
10. Scavenger Hunt
6. boorish,vulgar,uncouth,course,graceless,puerile
- your behavior was boorish and juvenile.
- you were rude ,vulgar(低俗), and uncouth(毫无教养).
- you were course(令人不悦),graceless(无礼) and puerile(天真).
- you were obscene(猥琐),insulting(侮辱人) and ignorant(无知).
- pretty assertive vaginal metaphors last round.
- So it's been a bit of an uphill climb.(现在情况不妙)
- He is a vulgar human being.He's utterly distasteful.
14. top-notch
- top-notch resume

woefully misguided.错的可怜.
27. 被除数dividend和除数 divisor
14. vantage point
- I could not see this from my hidden vantage point.
5. in perpetuity
- 永远.
- Wildlife areas have to be maintained in perpetuity.
29. tall grande venti
2. crap out
- our beta crapped out
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
### 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### N1
1. tactics
2. truce
- What do you want? I would like to arrange a truce.
3. crossroad
- The office is at a crossroads.
5. lumbar
- Not much lumbar support.
6. minister
7. driveshaft
8. missus(wife)
9. quarry
- I live by the quarry.
10. snail
11. bait
12. realtor
13. vault
- Do I go for the vault?No I go for the chandelier.
14. livestock
15. manure
16. sculpture
- butter sculpture
17. twine
18. bridesmaid
19. leftover
20. seduction
21. liposuction
22. binder
23. sellout
- The game was a sellout.
24. cervix
25. stork
26. sorority
27. slat
28. lullaby
29. pandemonium
30. snafu

### N2
1. fad
2. dunce
3. scarlet
4. motherboard
5. sagging
- bumper sagging.
6. wagon
7. menstrual
- menstrual cycles
8. topless
- See her topless.
9. backlash
- a backlash against feminism.
10. adrenaline
- Mark was exceptionally, gifted, well-reasoned, and patient despite the adrenaline and chaos around him.
11. intensity
12. tollbooth
13. poverty
14. foresight
- In retrospect he had the foresight to hire this person and utilize her.
15. dandruff
16. tinfoil
17. glamour
- He's one of the glamour boys of the football league.
18. bladder
19. holocaust
- The museum is devoted to the Holocaust.
20. vasectomy
21. custody
- She has sole custody of her daughter.
22. singular
- singular focus. It helped us all stay on track, all the time.
23. junkyard
24. rowboat
25. bachelorette
26. companionship
- She missed her husband's companionship after he died.
27. klutz
- I'm a complete klutz on the dance floor.
28. slob
29. orphanage
30. trauma

### N3
1. hangar
- Airplane hangar.
2. nativity
- It's the nativity scene.
3. commodity
4. nudity
5. napkin
6. jogging
7. chrysanthemum
8. camcorder
9. duel
- I will respect the results of the duel.
10. sasquatch
11. altocumulus/cirrostratus
12. stationery
13. underling
- This is a man who dose not listen to the needs of his underlings.
14. composite
15. farce
16. casket
- I feel like I'm working at my own casket.
17. womanizer
18. sunblock
19. graffiti
- The wall of the old building are covered with graffiti.
20. patio
- Let's have dinner on the patio.
21. debauchery
- He recalled the evening's debaucheries with regret.
22. underdog
- I always root for the underdog instead of the favorite.
23. handhold
24. tantrum
- He may have been young with a temper tantrum but he wanted the site to be the best and the biggest.
25. hiccup(a small problem, change or delay.)
- Our computer problems were caused by a hiccup in the power supply
26. lord
- The company resembled a combination of lord of the flies meets old-school Silicon Valley prestige.
27. conch
28. petroleum
29. flyer/flier
30. appetizer

### N4
1. asylum
- She asked for political asylum.
2. bench
- A park bench.
3. puppy(a young dog)
4. chestnut(栗子)
5. trophy
6. afterbirth
7. serenity/serene
8. triumph
- They were able to achieve an important triumph against their chief rivals.
9. groin
10. outing
- a family outing.
11. nihilism/nihilistic
12. liquor
13. cybercafe(网吧)
14. monopoly
- The company has gained a monopoly of the logging industry in this area.
15. cubicle
- an office cubicle.
16. fraternity
17. precaution
- When driving, she always wears her seatbelt as a precaution.
18. taxidermist/taxidermy
19. affliction
- He died from a mysterious affliction.
20. mogul
- China’s richest internet moguls think their employees should work more.
21. infamy(infamous)
22. mattress
23. ogre
24. twerp
25. quarantine
- a six-month quarantine
- The infected people were put into quarantine.
26. complication
- Because the measles infection has a higher risk of complications when it occurs in individuals between the ages of 18-24, please make this a priority.
27. treadmill
28. compilation(编译)
29. dogma
- Of course experience isn't the only danger. Dogma and ideology are even worse.
30. clipboard


### N5
1. critic
- Maybe i could be a food critic.
2. turtleneck
3. toboggan/sled
4. roadie
- Every magician has a hot assistant, and every rock star has a roadie, and Pam is my hot roadie.
5. cardigan
6. imbecile(a stupid person)
7. hatred
- Old hatreds dissolve into new friendships.
8. exemplary
- Mrs. Dunn hung up the exemplary paper that Jo-Jo wrote.
9. convoy
10. cliché
- It sounds cliché.
11. bliss
- domestic bliss(家庭幸福.)
12. intimacy
- There is no evidence of intimacy.
13. wunderkind
14. coma
- She is in a coma.
15. rabies
16. down payment
17. reams
- 6 months or 25 reams free.
18. cleavage
19. deviant
- This guy looks like a real deviant.
20. paralegal
21. academic regalia(cap gown tassel)
22. marvel
- The Grand Canyon is a marvel because it is so huge.
23. standby
24. pagination
- Use pagination to fetch/show tweets.
25. accolade
- He had numerous accolades from other managers regarding his integrity, and he is now one of the rising stars on my team.
26. giveaway
27. plateau
28. shedload(a large amount)
- The film has recently won a shedload of awards.
29. alchemy
30. eerie/eerily

### N6
1. shuttlecraft
2. cockpit
3. hitch
- Due to a slight technical hitch the concert will be starting half an hour late.
4. asymptote
5. guesstimate
- Current guesstimates are that the company's turnover will increase by six percent this year.
6. shoestring
7. rendition( a performance of something)
8. swath
- output swaths of code without prototypes.
9. jug
10. pedestrian
11. stellar
12. extravaganza
13. culprit
14. abnormality
15. massacre
16. maternity
17. chainsaw
18. admirer
19. honeymoon
- Where's andy? He's on one of his honeymoons.
20. sparrow
21. bowling
22. verge
- People who are 65 and on the verge of retiring.
23. federate/federation
24. knockoff(a cheap or inferior copy of something)
25. axis
26. mantra
- a businessman whose mantra is "bigger is better!".
27. headroom
28. trench
29. demolition
- The old factory is scheduled for demolition next week.
30. hatchback

### N7
1. blind spot
2. trampoline
3. flare
- It's just part of the design flare.
4. pasture
5. spree
- a buying spree.
6. demise
- Eventually result in the demise of the company.
- The demise of the company was sudden and unexpected.
8. pounder
- The fish was a 22-pounder.
9. foam
10. mayhem
- With 20 kids running around and only two adults to supervise, it was complete mayhem.
11. maid
12. standoff
- Sometimes these standoffs can last for days.
13. competitor
14. hygiene
- He has very poor personal hygiene.
15. shenanigans
- estate shenanigans.
16. contagion
- a disease that spreads by contagion.
17. maneuver
- With a quick maneuver, she avoided an accident.
18. linkage
- There’s a direct linkage between cultural values and the way people live.
19. mug
20. menagerie
21. roadblock
22. redundancy
23. limelight
- He always tried to avoid the limelight.
24. snippet
25. summation
- A summation can be found at the end of the report.
26. tire pressure gauge
27. air hose
28. spare change(零钱)
29. portable air compressor
30.  stem cap

### N8
1. valve stem
2. Replace the stem caps,sit back,buckle up and enjoy the ride.
3. jack stands千斤顶.
4. filing cabinet
- How many times have I told you that there's a special filing cabinet for things from corporate?
5. copier paper. 复印纸.
6. post-it notes.
7. morale booster
8. shovel
9. melodrama
- a television melodrama
10. playwright
11. soliloquy
12. monologue
13. vernacular
14. tableau
15. morphine
16. sanitarium
17. tuberculosis
18. seafaring
19. landlubber
20. lowlife
21. feminism/feminist
22. pallet

24. carnation
25. stroll
- Dwight Schrute and I just returned from a wonderful stroll together, and although I probably will never do it again, I had fun.
26. dynamite
- You look dynamite.
27. larceny
28. bastard
29. forfeiture
- The penalty of forfeiture of residence.
30. splash
- Of a splash in paper.


### N9
1. elf(小精灵)
2. brothel
3. tavern
4. dough(面团 也指money)
5. wiretapping
6. pension
- His pension arrives in the mail every month.
7. marijuana
8. duffel
- duffel bag
9. spud gun
10. crayon
11. tux 晚礼服
12. heirloom
- a priceless family heirlroom
13. slut
14. bungee(蹦极)
15. doormat
16. attic
18. quotient
19. Dial Antibacterial Deodorant Soap
20. werewolf
21. the Amish
22. BRAKE ROTORS(刹车盘)
23. turmoil
- The country has been in turmoil for the past 10 years.
24. hazing
- Ten fraternity members had their heads shaved during hazing last week.
25. chick:a baby bird, especially a young chicken
26. grill
27. stripper:someone whose job is removing all their clothing to entertain other people
28. briefs,pantaloons,boxers
29. freeloader
30. affordance


### N10
1. crucifix
2. tuna
3. bale/baler
- And we have a cake in the shape of a bale of hay.
4. dawn
5. bondage
6. consternation
- No need for consternation.
7. ransom
- They demanded a huge ransom for the return of the little girl whom they had kidnapped.
8. blondes
9. clink(prison)
10. paperclips
11. raffle
- Each year,we have a Christmas raffle.
12. adage
- This is an old adage.
13. entourage
14. wonderland
15. makeover
16. shindig(a big party)
- Welcome to our little shindig.
17. luncheon
18. bridal
19. contender
- Now aged 42, he is no longer considered a serious contender for the title.
20. smudge
- Her hands were covered in dust and she had a black smudge on her nose.
21. homosexual
22. obtuse(钝角,stupid)
23. gumption
24. bust
25. pantry
26. saboteur
27. traitor
28. ferocity
- The hurricane hit with terrible ferocity.
29. broom
30. sledgehammer(经常用于比喻)
- The news hit me like a sledgehammer.

### N11
1. trout(n,plural trouts uk informal an old person, especially a woman, who is unpleasant or not attractive)
2. hostage
- I'm thinking maybe a coup or we take ryan hostage.
3. panty(内裤)
4. mitt
- I had this huge spider in my baseball mitt.
5. brunette/blonde
6. slaughter
7. manslaughter
8. trekking(徒步旅行)
9. torque
10. oath
- The judge reminded the witness that she was under oath.
11. cone
- traffic cones
12. hussy
13. dedication
- It took a lot of hard work and dedication, but we managed to finish the project on time.
- We admire her didication to helping the poor.
14. delicacy
- In some parts of the world, sheep's eyes are considered a great delicacy.
15. sewer
- Owners pays for water and sewer, Tenant is responsible for gas and electricity.
16. precedence
- Precedence must be given to the injured in the evacuation plans.
- Operator precedence.Make your code more clear and unambiguous.
- That would take precedence.
17. derivation
18. morgue
19. fiend
20. equilibrium
-  Supply and demand were in equilibrium.
- It took me several minutes to recover my equilibrium(composure)
21. furnace
22. concussion
23. deed
-  a deed to a house.
24. clerical
25. bajillion/bajillions
26. savior
- You will be my savior.
27. downturn
- business downturn.
28. tornado
29. rubble
30. duality

### N12
1. rascal
2. manicure
3. formality
- You'll have to sign the visitors' book, but it's just a formality.
4. hail
5. trifle
- The money is a mere trifle to me.
6. pothole
- potholes
7. ballast
8. pageant
- She entered a pageant.
9. tiles
10. brick
11. territory
12. polygon
13. roger
- "You are clear to land." "Roger, I'm coming in to land now."
14. correspondence
- one to one correspondence
15. premier
- the premier authority
16. thrust
17. terrarium
18. armoire
19. porch
20. beet
- beet salad
- beets farm
21. collide/collisions
22. overages
- I'll approve the overages.
23. coercion
- Affirmative consent must be voluntary, and given without coercion, force, threats, or intimidation.
- type coercion
24. showcase
- let me just write out some examples to showcase this.
25. scoff
26. budgetary
27. overreaction
28. game-changing
- They can have an absolutely game-changing experience.
29. debacle
30. gratitude
- She sent them a present to show/express her gratitude.

### 13
1. regimen
2. unbeknownst
- Unbeknownst to me, he had rented out the apartment while I was away.
3. vapor
- vapor free.
4. dominator
5. exhilaration
6. calibre
- positions requiring a software engineer of the highest calibre.
7. abyss
- yawning abyss
8. tantamount
- Her refusal to answer was tantamount to an admission of guilt.
9. inability
- his inability to accept bad news.
10. aggression
- a micro-aggression.微歧视.
11. kin
- In the absence of any next of kin.没有任何直系亲属.
12. beneficiary
- I approve you as the sole beneficiary and the official executor of Mr John's estate.
13. mascot
14. violently
- He's violently allergic to dogs.
15. fecal fortitude
- I wish they had your fecal fortitude.我希望他们和你一样能憋尿.
16. lawn
- threw it on the lawn.
17. beef(a complaint)
- So what's your real beef here then?
18. square footage
- depending on square footage of bedrooms.看卧室面积.
19. mole
- We have a mole.我们有一个内鬼.
20. consent
- They can't publish your name without your consent.
- John is a master at getting consent.
21. saddle
- get back on the saddle.回归正轨.
22. installment
- Can you hack this finder's fee into 52 installments paid weekly over the course of the next year?
23. coalition
24. convention
- a  tech convention
25. vendor
- A company ,a last-minute add to the vendor list.快截止加入参展商列表.
26. sabbatical
- During my sabbatical from Hooli.
27. epiphany
- I had my epiphany.我才顿悟.
28. flagship
- This is our flagship product.
29. trait
- The signature displayed troubling traits.
30. retrieval

### N14
1. oodles
- Unless you have just oodles of space and nothing to do with them, I’d suggest leaving off these “soft skills,” since they’re completely subjective.
2. exploitation
3. crank
- How many times do you have to turn the crank?(a handle or bar on a machine that you can turn to make another part turn)
4. post-mortem
5. accountant
- chartered accountant
6. messiness
7. over:prep,sometimes used when talking about a calculation in which one number is divided by another number.
- 40 over 7 is roughly 6.
8. condole
9. interlude
10. trajectory
11. sparkle
12. binomial
13. melodic
14. overtime
- They're doing/working overtime to get the job done on time.
15. pad
16. penultimate
17. euclidean
18. onset
- The new treatment can delay the onset of the disease by several years.
- The novel wearable system would potentially delay the onset of fatigue, enabling soldiers to walk longer distances, and also potentially improve the body’s resistance to injuries when carrying heavy loads.
19. fragrance
20. blazer
21. tread
22. jamb
- door jamb
23. blowout
24. parity
25. camber
26. sieve
27. surefire
- There is a surefire cure.
28. intestine
29. quarterly
- quarterlies
30. demarcation

### N15
1. accomplice
2. theft and stealing.
3. gimmick
4. diesel/gasoline
5. tandem
6. cinderella
- creates the false impression of quick cinderella story for anyone who wants to teach themselves machine learning.
7. Milky Way
8. drawf
9. algebraic
10. probation
- probationary period
- How to pass your 3 month probation period in a new job?
11. fisticuffs
12. nomenclature
13. foreman
14. covenant
15. mop
16. aptitude
- My son has no/little aptitude for sport.
17. pedagogy
18. slouch
19. hunched
20. reciprocity
21. legwork
22. shortcoming
- ANT itself has a number of shortcomings.
23. humility
- He doesn't have the humility to admit when he's wrong.
24. charisma
- To be a great leader, a person has to have some charisma.
25. attire
- I hardly think jeans are appropriate attire for a wedding.
26. headhunter
27. horde
- Companies like Microsoft hire hordes of contractors every year to do everything from testing to development to, yes, even program management.
28. penchant
-  Jon had a penchant for the less traditional.
- Her penchant for disappearing for days at a time worries her family.
29. cutoff
- My GPA is only a 2.98. That places it just below that 3.0 cutoff that many companies have.
30. cheekbone

### N16
1. whodunit
- And that is what makes that movie a classic whodunit.
2. makeshift
- that is why I am having Andy wheel me into the conference room inside a makeshift cheese cart.
3. slaughterhouse
4. crutch
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

23. turf
24. warrant


人
25. prostitute
- she was a prostitute.

food
30. lollipop
- Actually reached into the basket to pull out a lollipop.

2. farther
3. thrive
4. evict
- you evict me, I evict your 10 percent.
5. dictatorship
6. saucer
7. buggy
- It's buggy.这是bug.
- moon buggy
8. nonexistent
- On a Sunday morning traffic was almost nonexistent.
9. pruning
10. delimiter
11. starkly
11. stark
- It was such a stark contrast to the world I came from, where conformity is demanded, and the Donnas of the world rule.
13. pooper
- party pooper
14. rebellious
15. champagne
16. facsimile
17. operational
18. trailer
19. vessel
20. peace officer
21. revelation
22. agitate
23. lien holder
24. purchaser.
25. itemize
26. mutilate
27. apostrophe
28. clockwise
29. vertex.pl: vertices
30. acyclic

### 44 18-07-05
1. litmu
- litmus test
2. amplify
3. shadow
4. huddle
5. bijection
6. isomorphic
7. tattletale
8. outfit
9. memorial
- memorial day
10. spill
- I spilled coffee on it.
11. rip
12. freak
13. minion
14. wand
- even a wand of mascara
15. bummer
- "I've left my wallet at home." "What a bummer!"
16. flatten
17. grieve
18. delightful
19. cliche
20. maid
21. loony bin
- a psychiatric hospital
22. lame
- Why do we as society hate old people so much? Because they're lame.
23. pity
24. goody-goody
25. mortified
26. appetizing
26. stick around
- stick around the company for another 3.3 years.
27. lipstick
28. hyper
- I feel so hyper.
28. well-ventilated area
28. hyperventilate
29.  lossy
30. blockbuster

### 43 180702
1. sabotage
- your little attempts to sabotage my relationship.
- I'm just trying to figure out why you're sabotaging things.
2. improvise
- I'm improvising.
3. newbie
4. prick
- pricks 混蛋.
5. arrogant
6. notoriety
7. pornography
8. missionary
9. curate
10. nourishing
12. angels and demons
13. humble
14. horrific
15. rot
16. philanthropist
17. gravitate
18. throwback
19. innovative
20. cheekily
- Can I cheekily ask how much you've invested in education in the last few years?
21. diagonally
22. matrix
23. piss
24. tightrope
25. germane
27. paralyze
28. decompress
29. artifice
30. maxima

### 42 180701
1. hexadecimal 16进制
2. bum(to ask someone for something without intending to pay for it)
2. bump
2. bumper
3. devastate
- If you got that wrong, it might have been really devastating for the company.
4. episodic
5. decline
6. perk
7. thrill/thrilled
- I am thrilled that the new boss has taken such an active interest in all of the responsibilities that I'm supposed to have.
8. mesh
- Ask future teammates about how long they typically work, and figure out if that meshes with your
lifestyle.
9. sympathize
- Many of us can probably sympathize with this position.
10. overshoot
11. venue
11. avenue
12. psyched
- we are psyched.
- It's a common story: you join a company, and you're psyched.
13. complacency
- By outlining your path in advance and checking in on it regularly, you can avoid falling into this compla­cency trap.
14. immutable
15. Mutable
16. realm
17. paranoia
- Your paranoia has become officially tedious.你的被害妄想开始恶心人了.
18. ethos
19. admonition
20. alignment
21. compartmentalize
22. trove
23. stance
24. aspirational
25. boggle
- boggle board
- boggle question
26. nudge
- I wanted to see what I could do to nudge you in the right direction.
- I had to keep nudging him to discuss the API, he was really focused on the database side.
- A bit of mentoring and guidance early on to nudge you in the right direction can also go a long way.
27. upshot
28. amorphous
29. blob
30. desperate

### 41 180630
1. shroud
- To shroud "xyz" in mystery until the official roll out next January?
- Is every thing OK with Nucleus?We are on schedule,yes?
1. assurance
- Based on your assurances.
2. confiscate
3. retarded
4. downsize
5. coupe
6. slit
- at slit
7. scrape
- scrape off accumulated stickers.
- It's not gonna scale until I get in there and scrape all the Dinesh off.
8. fatigue
9. surety
9. surety bond
10. renewal
- renewal notice
11. dispose
12. constitute
13. litigator
- top-shelf litigator.
- 诉讼律师.
13. litigated
13. litigation
- civil litigation.
14. sleek
-  I write sleek performant low-overhead scala code with higher order functions that will run on anything.
15. futuristic
16. bezel,aesthete
- slimmer bezel
- As for the bezel design,至于前脸设计,our young aesthete.
17. notch
18. hush
19. revamp
- I realized this couldn't continue and began a push to revamp the app along with the IT department. 
20. unclog
- unclog your mind.
21. clog
22. conceivable
23. acronym
- AIDS is an acronym for "Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome".
24. silly
25. freebie

29. prevalence
30. verbose verbosity
0. alphanumeric
4. asymptotic
- However, since we are making a recursive call that goes n deep and uses O(n) stack space already, it does not affect our asymptotic space complexity.








9. sailboat

11. palindrome

20. in absentia

Prep
21. pursuant
- The committee will issue a decision within 15 days pursuant to rule 182.

16. errand
23. court
18. perjury

26. barrel

4. flat out
- Some people just flat-out refuse to read long resumes.


6. stigma
- Being an unmarried mother no longer carries the social stigma that it used to.
- Certain languages have stigmas associated with them. Sometimes this is because of the language them­ selves, but often it's because of the places where this language is used.
7. caliber
- In such situations, a candidate's performance does not reflect his true caliber.
- When recruiters at some of the top tech companies see resumes that list every flavor of Java on their resume, they make negative assumptions about the caliber of candi­date.
11. contingency
- You must be able to deal with all possible contingencies.
18. physiological/psychology
- Touching causes a physiological reaction.
- She studied behavioural psychology at college.


23. sheriff
2. evangelist
- At Microsoft, for instance, some PMs may be essentially customer evangelists, working in a customer-facing role that borders on marketing.


24. gamut
- run the gamut of sth
- Jonson has run the gamut of hotel work, from porter to owner of a large chain of hotels.
27. conformance=conformity
- conformity assessment
0. brainteaser
1. atrophy
- Never let  your coding skills atrophy.
5. diligence
- Due Diligence
- technical due diligence技术背景调查.
29. nugget
- a nugget of information/truth

4. assess.pulling his / her own weight.
- Most commonly, Teamwork/ Leadership is assessed with questions like, "Tell me about a time when a teammate wasn't pulling his / her own weight:
8. lean on something
- they look for and lean on patterns, opting to repeat what others have said or done.
8. lean towards sth
- She's not sure what she wants to do, but she's leaning towards medicine.
- The big companies tend to take a risk-averse approach to hiring.If someone is on the fence, they often lean towards a no-hire.