
21. speck
- we're all just little, tiny specks of dust.
22. rivalry
23. favouritism
24. livelihood
- This isn't a game, you know? It's our livelihood! What about a raise based on merit?
25. rugby/lacrosse
26. overtone(hint)
27. billboard
28. testis/testes/testicle
29. misery
- I'm effectively leveraging your misery.
30. retainer 定金.

### 2
1. methodology
2. misconception
3. tenure
- Sign-on payments are allocated to you for year 1 and year 2 of your tenure with Amazon
4. hallmark
- Six Hallmarks of a Powerful Résumé
- John has designed a system to make interviewing a hallmark experience for candidates and a strategic advantage for your startup.
5. resort
6. ascension
- What a meteoric ascension.
7. diuretic
- It's a diuretic.
8. blackout
- Did that blackout scare you?
9. denomination
- Japanese coin,Lowest denomination.
10. outlet
- plenty of outlets.很多插座.
- There's not a lot of outlets out there.
11. decorum
- It's important for you and your guests to maintain a certain level of decorum during the Commencement.
12. nook
13. bowing 鞠躬.
14. waist 腰部.
15. anonymity
- Actually,our policy guarantees anonymity.
16. plight
17. division
- That's like an entire division at Facebook.
18. decency
- It crosses every line of decency.
19. juncture
- We're at a pretty critical juncture right now.
20. serendipity
- But I was only referring to the serendipity of the coincidence.我只想让你知道这有多巧合.
21. godsend
- There is a driver with a sign waiting at the airport to take them to a comfortable hotel—which was an absolute godsend for me.
22. quitter
- You are just jealous I have a salary,quitter.
23. outreach
- Okay, we use that money to do outreach,tutorials.拓展.
24. prerogative
- Alex makes all the big decisions - that's his prerogative as company director.
25. inbreeding
- The entire Nucleus program was the result of inbreeding.
26. moderator
- I'm a moderator, not an advocate.
27. farewell
- Consider it my farewell dinner.就当我的散伙饭吧.
28. malfeasance
- His legal team would uncover our malfeasance.
29. auntie
- My auntie and uncle are coming to visit.
30. receptionist
- Do I have to pull the receptionist in here?

### 3
1. skipper
- You wanted to see me, skipper?- I did indeed.
2. towel(毛巾)
3. witch
- you're a white witch.
4. dispensary
- I went to the dispensary.
5. sentinel/sentry
6. coup
- This is a coup.政变.
7. histogram
8. restitution
- They are demanding the restitution of ancient treasures that were removed from the country in the 16th century.
- make full restitution 赔偿完全款.
9. plaintiff(原告)/defendant
10. rapport
- You and I have never really much of a rapport, have we?
11. felony
- 4 imployees that conspired to commit felony fraud.
12. hallway
- This is not even a room . This is a hallway. 过道.
13. shuttle
- There's a shuttle stop on the ground level.一楼有摆渡车站.
14. peanut(a very small amount of money)
- This deal is peanuts.The platform could be worth a thousand times what the box is worth.
15. wheelhouse
- I've organized a lot of estate sale, so this is my wheelhouse.
16. mettle
- He's shown mettle.
17. plumage
- maybe now I'll fan out my plumage.褪下我的面具.
18. repercussion
- So, in other words, we have the right to terminate any of those people with no repercussions whatsoever.
- Mrs.Bruce said that not doing homework would have serious repercussions.
19. solidarity
- Thank you for the solidarity by the way.谢谢你们的团结.
20. badge
- employee badge 工牌.
21. tub
- That's my popcorn.You have seven tubs(桶) of it.
22. recourse
- You have no recourse.
23. stairwell
- There are 16 stairwells.
24. ebb
- ebb and flow
- We have come to a permanent ebb.
25. deck
- That means we have to rewrite our entire deck.
26. inroads
- I made some major inroads with John.
27. tampon
28. selfie
29. neutrality
- the fundamental neutrality of the Hooli-Search algorithm.
30. misstep
- A misstep of that magnitude, there is no excuse.

### 4
1. moonshot
- You were all brought here to generate moonshots.
2. sycophant
3. stunt 特技
4. vibe
- I'm catching kind of a vibe.
- I met this guy at corporate last week, and we were just digging each other's vibe.
5. essence
- time is of the essence. 时间至关重要.
6. impropriety
- sexual impropriety
7. composure
- She never loses her composure.
- regain my composure
- you lost your composure and ruined our entire case.
8. clawback
9. pamphlet
10. vengeance
11. audacity
- take revenge show that you have the audacity and the boldness to take revenge on their interviewer.
12. debut
13. mural
14. gunk
- Hey! Make sure to clean off all the gunk off the front bumper, ok.
15. incidence
- Our annual individual performance reviews showed a 20 percent incidence of sub-standard work.So essentially , one out of every five Hooli team members deserve to be fired.
- a disease with an incidence of one in 100,000.
- an increased incidence of cancer near nuclear power stations
16. coincidence
17. shocker
18. workaround
- The software still has a few glitches but we've come up with a workaround.
19. backstabbing
- He accused his boss of dirty tricks and backstabbing.(U)
- backstabbing colleagues
20. oversight
- It was just an oversight.
21. iconoclast/iconoclastic(adj)
- Besides, I'm wearing sandals so I am iconoclasting a little bit.
22. overheard
23. countertop
24. fountains
- Are there any water fountains in your office?
25. sweat
- It's not magic, it's talent and sweat.
26. camaraderie
- The camaraderie is quite apparent.
27. grand
- 600 grand a year.
28. rollout
29. paradigm
- Video compression is a completely different paradigm.
30. atrocity
- These people are guilty of acts of appalling atrocity.

### 5
1. tremor
- There was a slight tremor in her voice.
2. ritual
- shutdown ritual
3. cradle
- Silicon Valley is the cradle of innovation.
4. prophecy
- Thinking small is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
5. quin tes sence/quintessential(perfect example)
6. sketch
7. triplet
- I think this might be more efficient solution than checking every triplet of numbers in disarray.
8. disarray
9. oxymoron
- The phrase “cruel kindness” is an oxymoron.
10. playoff
11. heist
12. bomb
13. squad
- a rescue squad
14. cadaver
15. custody
- She has sole custody of her daughter.

16. ordeal
- This lawsuit is going to be a protracted and time-consuming ordeal.
17. sideshow
- Their disagreement is just a political sideshow when compared to the real issues at hand.
18. checkmate
- The challenger checkmated the champion and won the tournament.
19. stalemate
- The budget debate ended in a stalemate.
20. tidings(news)
- good/glad tidings
21. scourge
- With these bottles, We eliminate the need for plastic water bottles, Which are the scourge of the environment.
22. flattery
23. smokescreen
24. hassle
- It took me an extra 15 minutes to get across the border. Major hassle.
25. funnel
26. snot
- She's just full of snot.
27. deductible
- You're covering his deductible? 你也付他自费的一部分吗?
28. funeral
- funeral expenses.
29. wreck
- If u get into a wreck the insurance company will help you cover your losses.
30. nosebleed
- get a nosebleed in front of anyone.

### 6
1. mutiny
- I risk having a mutiny on my hands.
- A mutiny forming in the warehouse right now.
2. caveat
- All of this with the caveat that you don't have enough money for even a minuscule ad buy.
3. sentiment
- I agree with this sentiment, to a point. The biggest problem with only working 9-5 and never putting any time in on your own to learn new technologies is that your skills will become stale.
4. crotch
5. torment
- the reason these movies are so popular Is the element of psychological torment.
6. rigor
- You go through the rigors of due diligence.
7. compensation
- Milestone-based compensation can be especially helpful for aligning incentives.
- If you're unhappy with your compensation,maybe you should take it up with HR.
8. wiggle
- wiggle room
- Some elements have a lot of wiggle-room.
9. stipulation
- The only stipulation is that you have to register.
10. payout
- With this insurance policy there is a maximum payout of €2,500.
11. inbound
12. traction
- A few years ago, I started a company with a few friends that ultimately produced 3 distinct products that each achieved impressive traction.
13. bevy
- they come away feeling grilled or discouraged after trying to answer a bevy of questions.
14. stumble
- The entirety of their recent stumbles.
- Your recruiter can be your biggest advocate, even pushing to re-interview you if you stumbled on your first interview.
15. prerequisite
- While it's not a prerequisite to be a Mac user, you should at least be familiar with the system.
16. cardinal: one two three four five. ordinal: first, second,third, fourth, fifth.
17. overhead
- The reason is hash table has some overhead in maintaining its property.
- Her company has very little overhead.
18. autopsy
- The vet's doing an autopsy.
- Her autopsy report says that her heart weighted 360 grams.
19. multitude
- This case has raised a multitude of questions.
20. heroin/fentanyl
- There are so much heroin and fentanyl on the streets these days.
21. overdose
- She died from a cocaine overdose.
22. cookout
- She had been hosting a cookout for friends.
23. grudge
- I was still holding a grudge about it.
24. delight
- The toy delighted the children.
- His expression when he saw the baby was one of pure delight. [=joy]
25. quote
- He began his speech by quoting Shakespeare.
- u can get quotes online or over the phone very quickly from dozens of competitors.
26. colossal
- They were asking a colossal amount of money for the house.
- It was a colossal waste of time.
27. precinct
- If you call 911 or your local precinct and bring in a neutral third party to document the accident, you’ll be doing yourself a favor.
28. suite
29. numerator/denominator.分子/分母
30. spectre/specter

### 7
1. sperm
- sperm patty
2. nightgown
3. duress
- He gave the information under duress.
4. impediment
- a speech impediment
5. charcoal
6. acquisition
- the acquisition of knowledge
7. gut
- At the end of the interview, the interviewer will walk away with a gut feel for how you did.
- He knew he had to trust his gut(instincts) and do what felt right.
- And i'm going to go with my gut, and that's ryan.
8. randomness.
- pure randomness.
9. upsurge
- an upsurge of anger
- a recent upsurge in crime
10. slant
- Left of upright slant.左上方倾斜.
11. disposal
- at sb's disposal
- They should have that tool(hash table) at their disposal.
12. epic(史诗)
13. retention
- the recruitment and retention of good employees
14. manifesto
15. severance
- severance package
- we'll give you enough severance to cover you to your next job.
16. pajamas
17. jaw. 下巴.mower.
18. freight
19. laminate
20. rest
- You bring these bags in, and I'll bring the rest. [=the remainder]
- I need a rest. [=break]
21. niche
- She finally found her niche as a teacher.
22. timescale
23. rampage/rogue
- The quick story is that Google Chrome Helper isn't really the problem. It tends to go on the rampage when there's a rogue extension or when Google Chrome’s plug-in settings are configured to run everything by default.
24. behemoth
- When google launched Gmail in 2004, the company wasn't quite the all conquering data-gathering behemoth we know today.
25. ploy
- But Google cleverly turned a problem into a marketing ploy.
26. diversion
- For anyone needing  diversion on the bus, train or in the office, a Fb quiz-usually put together by a third party- is often the first port of call.
27. gutter
28. jive
29. litter
30. savagery

### 8
1. chastity
- In general, they were just much less obsessed with female chastity than europeans were.
2. taboo
- Sex is a taboo subject for many people.
- In this company, dating a coworker is considered taboo.
3. critique
4. ingenuity
- ingenuity and creativity.
- Man first landed on the moon in 1969. It was an amazing feat of human ingenuity.
5. lump
- Look at that lion! It’s eating a huge lump of meat.
- Like signing bonuses, stock compensation between companies can be compared by amortizing it over three years and then lumping that value into salary.
6. arena
- The business-to-business market is different from the B2C arena and often requires a different approach to growth hacking.
7. labyrinth
8. jackpot
- It was kind of hitting the jackpot for him at that age.
9. cathedral
10. galleon
- The Spanish wanted to colonize Florida to set up military bases to thwart the pirates who preyed on silver-laden Spanish galleons coming out of Mexico.
11. servitude
-  penal servitude
12. captivity
- Big Cats in Captivity
13. metaphor/metaphorical
- By making a metaphorical comparison between a complex problem and a recognisable situation, other people can understand what’s meant right away.
14. cruelty
15. conundrum
- He is faced with the conundrum of trying to find a job without having experience.
16. kludge/kludgy:awkwardly or inelegantly made or done.
17. jeopardy
- His laziness caused the company to perform badly last quarter. Moreover, his attitude toward the board has put his job in jeopardy.
18. referendum
- The issue was decided by referendum.
19. scrutiny
- Her opinion is based on a careful scrutiny of the text.
20. statehood
- California was 60 years away from statehood when the Constitution was signed, for instance.
21. degradation
- without degradation
- environmental degradation
22. rubric(category)
- the rubrics at the beginning of the chapters are intended to be humorous
23. peril/perilous
- People are unaware of the peril these miners face each day.
-  Of course, the service now has to deal with all the perils of denormalization such as data inconsistency.
- If you are in a perilous visa situation, you also have to solve for that at the same time, unfortunately.
24. opacity
- Critics have noted the opacity of her writing style.
25. wonder
- It has made wonders for me.
26. ailment
- There's all sorts of odd ailments that hit in the 40's because evolution.
27. cardio
- YOu can get it whenever you want. Still it helps with the cardio.
28. paradise
- Welcome to the paradise where you can pick any type of fonts that you would want.
29. hodgepodge
- the exhibit was a hodgepodge of mediocre art, bad art, and really bad art
30. crunch
- 4 Reasons Why You Should Not Do Crunches
- I think we're going to have to crunch our burn-rate again.
- to calculate numbers or process information
- The project seems worthwhile, but you have to crunch the numbers to see if it’s affordable.

### 9
1. autograph:a signature, especially that of a celebrity written as a memento for an admirer.
- autograph is for celebrity, signature is for normal people.
2. libido
- Your libido will drop , and finally you can get five minutes of peace and quiet without thinking about sex all the time.
3. abomination
- you are much better off auditing a couple of sloppy 300-line changelist than a single 600-line abomination.
- Some people view the sculpture as art while others see it as an abomination.
4. slog
- Wildland firefighter training starts with a wet slog.
- It will be a long, hard slog before everything is back to normal.
- Why did mine turn into a three-week slog through passive-aggressive much while Bob's was a two-day breeze?
5. sake(The sake of something is the reason for doing it.)
- The parents worked hard for their children's sake.
- Please do it for her sake. [=do it for her; do it to help her]
6. affront
- I took it as an affront,
- A lie is an affront to the soul, as well as an insult to the intelligence of the person to whom one lies.
7. stapler
- Hand me that stapler , then fetch me a soda.
8.  guillotine
- shinier guillotine
9. gut
- Tools will come and go,but your brain and your gut will be here with you for the rest of your life.
10. periphery
- A "Boundary Class" is a class that lies on the periphery of a system, but within it.
- As the kids walked around the periphery, they were invited to pluck a few mint leaves and have a nibble.
11. nil
- COS displays an error message if the user’s order history is nil.
12. stalemate/stale(adj)
- He immediately recognized the situation for what it was : a stalemate.
13. euphemism
- This was a common enough occurrence at Google that there was euphemism for it a defrag.
14. momentum/morale
- Stuff that you don't like is a painful drag on morale and momentum.
15. stimulant
- stimulant abuse.
- the relaxed zoning regulations should serve as a stimulant for development in the area
16. stamina
- Beeween interruptions like meetings and emails, the time you have available to focus on code is scarce.Your mental stamina is even shorter supply.
- Vegetarian items to boost your stamina.
- Grit is having stamina.
17. willpower
- I don't have much willpower when it comes to sweet things, so I mostly just try to keep junk foot out of the house.
18. sarcasm
- a voice full of sarcasm
19. handover
- I will handover the final homework#2 document by tomorrow.........can you build table of contents?
- the police officer ordered the suspect to hand over his weapons
20. slayings 凶杀案.
21. lunatic/lunatics(plural)
- People are lunatics about smoking here.
22. debt
- He is trying to pay off gambling debts.
23. overkill
- Now it's definitely overkill for this course but I wanted to make you aware that they exist.
- This might seem like overkill.
24. leeway
- Are employees held to the same standards as typical candidates?Essentially yes, although there is a bit more leeway.
- They give their students leeway to try new things.
- The fault-tolerance expert is given some leeway in not satisfying all the architectural drivers.
25. buzzword
- Although the underlying concepts aren’t new, Microservice is one of the biggest buzzword of the two last years.
26. mustache
27. rundown
- I need a rundown of your clients.
- They gave us a rundown on the main points of the news.(an item-by-item report or review : summary)
28. nuance, pl:nuances
- Nuances of flavor and fragrance cannot be described accurately.
- He listened to the subtle nuances in the song.
29. squiggle
- His handwriting looks like a bunch of squiggles.
- a pediatrician's waiting room full of squiggling toddlers
30. vernacular(the language of ordinary speech rather than formal writing)
- writes essays in a very easy-to-read, vernacular style
- this can teach you the vernacular we use in other parts of product to make thing make sense.

### 10
1. overhype.
- "You think the media is overhyping?" —Don Lemon
2. dividend(div·i·dend)
- Profits are distributed to shareholders as dividends.
3. hazard(s)(haz·ard)
- the tumbledown old barn was considered a fire hazard.
- She is a hazard to the other people of the office.
4. forte
- Public speaking isn’t your forte.
5. drill:instruction or training in military exercises.
- Every fall semester and every spring semester we conduct campus-wide evacuation drills.
6. roster(ros·ter)
- His name has been added to the team roster.
- The team has a roster of 40 players.
7. oddity(odd·i·ty)
- Her shyness makes her a bit of an oddity in the business world.
8. cadence
- a much quicker cadence of application development.
- the steady cadence of the drums
- the microservices approach enables a much quicker cadence of application development.
9. bloat.
- big, bloated monolithic applications.
- Nasty Culprits of Belly Bloat
10. afterthought
- Creating and maintaining service contracts is a difficult task that should not be taken lightly or treated as an afterthought.
11. showstopper.
- The issues identified in this chapter are complex, but they certainly aren’t showstoppers.
12. tenet
- Component sharing is one of the core tenets of SOA.
13. superstition
- It is a common superstition that a black cat crossing your path is bad luck.
14. contempt
- He feels that wealthy people view him with contempt because he is poor.
15. dysfunction/dysfunctional.
- family dysfunction
- He hated spending holidays with his girlfriend's dysfunctional family.
16. sentiment
17. idiom/idiomatic
18. friction
- Oil in a car engine reduces friction.
19. homage.
- It was nice to pay homage to him.
20. hurdle
- There are four hurdles to jump.
- Look for questions with multiple hurdles.
21. monotone
- She spoke in a monotone voice.
22. uptime
- We need to maximize network uptime.
23. agenda
- There are several items on the agenda for tonight's meeting.
24. ensemble.
- in the ensemble
- We went to listen to a new jazz ensemble.
25. atomicity
- A very simple consistency requirement is that of failure atomicity.
- The application either terminates normally, producing the intended results, or is aborted, producing no results at all.
26. connotation
- For many people, the word “fat” has negative connotations.
27. perception
- The show started off making fun of the goofy grandiosity of the tech industry, but the current perception of Silicon Valley is more critical.
28. collateral
- Invention requires not having to live with the collateral damage of failed experiments.
29. deferral/deferment/postponement
- Two dozen other states permit tax deferrals, according to the report.
- She requested a six-month deferment on her loan.
30. prank. n. 恶作剧.
- John pranking me.

### 11
1. rote.
- Rote learning. 死记硬背的学习.
- rote activity.
2. hypothesis.假设.
- Other chemists rejected his hypothesis.
3. exigency
- the exigencies requiring snap decisions that traders on the stock exchange face every day
4. proposition.
- a detailed investment proposition
- He made an attractive business proposition.
5. liability
- your assets and liabilities. 你的资产和债务.
- The company is trying to limit its liability in this case.
6. lodging/lodge
- they found a cheap lodging in a backstreet
- Several employees have lodged a complaint against you.
- I'd like to lodge a complaint.
7. amalgam
- The layered pattern can be seen as the amalgam of several tactics
- an amalgam of musical forms
8. magnitude.
-  a much smaller magnitude.
- If one appreciated a gift of such magnitude, then one would put up more of a fight before returning it.
9. drudgery
- Use a tool—automation eliminates drudgery
10. omission
- There are a few omissions in the list.
- Her omission from the team was surprising.
11. mnemonic
- To distinguish "principal" from "principle" use the mnemonic aid "the principal is your pal."
12. conduit(channel)
- The Analyst Role:Principal conduit between customer/user and developers
- water flowed along the conduit to the fountain
13. jurisdiction
- federal courts had no jurisdiction over the case
- His attorney claimed the court lacked jurisdiction in this matter.
14. commonality/commonalities(pl)
- a commonality of interest ensures cooperation
- one commonality between the two very different women is their passion for charity work
15. variant
- A new variant of the disease has appeared.
16. granddaddy
- the granddaddy of all English mystery novels
17. inkling
- the records give us an inkling of how people saw the world
- Some things are universal about being a teenager: The budding sexuality and sense of identity, the dramatic emotions, the profound need for acceptance and confusing inklings of first love.
18. minutia/minutiae(pl)
- He was bewildered by the contract's minutiae.
19. punctuation
20. precedent
- behavior that may be explained by a precedent event in her troubled life
21. malware
- Additionally, the administration alerted the public that Russia is targeting the U.S. energy grid with computer malware that could sabotage the systems.
22. landmark.
- In the landmark book The Mythical Man-Month.
23. backbone
- She is the backbone of the family.
- He showed some backbone by refusing to compromise his values.
24. vigilance/vigilant(adj)
- Constant vigilance is the only possible response to the terrifying Rise of The Machines.
- Her group studied 27 subjects during four hours of simulated driving and found vigilance decreased in about 21 minutes on average.
25. aplomb
- He showed great aplomb in dealing with the reporters.
- you've handled a difficult situation with perfect aplomb
26. sanity
- The sanity of the decision was never in question.
27. outlay.
- direct outlay
- But the costs of the conflict could go far beyond the hefty financial outlays .
28. conjecture
- conjectures about the newcomer were many and varied
- Most of the book is conjecture, not fact.
29. concurrence
- The concurrence of heavy rain and strong winds delayed the plane's departure.
- looked for some sign of concurrence among the delegates to the conference
30. ledger

### 12
1. equity
- I could even take less salary and more equity.
- I should get more equity than Dinesh.
- In making these decisions we should be governed by the principle of equity.
2. preliminary
- a meeting to discuss seating arrangements that was merely a preliminary to the formal negotiating sessions
3. practicality(suitability)
- The size of the machine makes me doubt its practicality [=suitability] for use in the home.
4. wizard
- He is a wizard at math.
- A web site can have novice users, and a wizard makes complex tasks seem easy
5. novelty
- a novelty teapot
- Electric-powered cars are still novelties.
6. ramp
- a wheelchair ramp
7. spiral
8. anomaly
- her C grade is an anomaly, as she's never made anything except A's and B's before
9. fidelity
- Marriage is still glamorous and still thought to include, as an aspiration, lifelong sexual fidelity .
- they have never wavered in their fidelity to the cause of freedom
10. omission
- There are a few omissions in the list.
11. molecule
- There is not a molecule of evidence to support these charges.
12. schematics
- a schematic diagram of their business model
13. discrepancy
- there's a discrepancy between your account and his
- Discrepancies in the firm's financial statements led to an investigation.
14. plagiarism
- The student has been accused of plagiarism.
15. expulsion
- The government engaged in mass expulsions.
16. preparedness
- The military is in a state of preparedness.
17. disclosure/closure
- non-disclosure agreement.保密协议
- We demand full disclosure of the facts.
- no closure. 没有结局.
- The government forced the closure of the factory.
- It is an attempt to speed the process along so we can bring it to closure .
18. provision
- That was the provision.条款就是这么说的.
19. surveillance
- you're doing email surveillance.
- The bank robbery was recorded by surveillance video cameras.
20. inception
- Since inception , the people in the group have taken their task most seriously.
- We'll assist you at every stage from inception to completion.
21. continuum
- a state program that aims to provide a continuum of care for low-income residents facing addiction.
22. invective
- an overbearing, bullying boss who is fond of sending invective e-mails to long-suffering assistants
23. courtesy
- They treated us with courtesy and kindness.
24. logistics
- logistics teams
- the logistics of a political campaign]
25. parallelism
26. consensus
- There is a lack of consensus among the citizens.
- We tried to get a consensus of opinion and it proved to be easier than I thought.
27. synergy
- synergy!双赢.
- good teamwork creates synergy.
- A synergy has developed among the different groups working on this project.
28. ramification(consequences)
- The early design decisions constrain the decisions that follow, and changing these decisions has enormous ramifications.
- They discussed the possible ramifications [=consequences] of the new treaty.
29. synopsis
- synopsis outline
- I don't need to know every little plot twist; just give me a synopsis of the movie.
30. jitter
- The jitter of the response
- Do you know the best way to calm your pre-interview jitters?

### 13
1. bonus.
- And, as an extra added bonus , he can actually do the job.
2. regiment
3. purview
- The case is within the court's purview.
- That question is outside my purview.
4. autonomy
- a teacher who encourages individual autonomy
- The territory has been granted autonomy.
5. distaste
- He found the subject of their conversation very distasteful.
6. curveball
- Throw you a curveball like this.
7. arbitrage
- suppose you are given a set of exchange rates among currencies and you want to determine if an arbitrage exists
8. syndicate
- The company is owned by a syndicate of investors.
9. poise
- reparation is the key to a great interview and with practice, you will be able to answer some of the most commonly asked questions with poise and insight.
10. puncture
11. spray
- respray car
12. rancor
- Can we settle this disagreement without rancor?
13. impetus
14. baloney(nonsense)
- That's a bunch of baloney if you ask me.
15. phrase
- I was confused by your phrasing.
16. sleaze/sleazebag
- an article exposing more Wall Street sleaze
17. etiquette
18. heresy
- Because the teacher’s educational strategies were different from those of her peers, her ideas were considered to be heresy.
19. kitsch
20. discretion
21. interpretation/interpretive
- We could write a strongly-Worded letter.Words will never be enough.Strongly-Painted picture.
- No, pictures are too interpretive.
22. remedy/remediation
- a remedy for fever.
23. dispensation
- The couple have requested (a) special dispensation from the Church to allow them to marry.
24. adherence
- He was noted for his strict adherence to the rules.
25. empathy
- Customer empathy.
26. retribution
- The killer acted without fear of retribution.
27. vanity
- I'm dissolving this committee.What? Come on, this is a work place.It isn't designed for your vanity.
28. disservice
- Calling him a liar does him a great disservice.
29. ultimatum
- He gave her an ultimatum - she could either stop seeing Peter and come back to him or it was divorce.
30. grief
- I'm in grief.
