### 1
1. irritate
- When I am irritated and I look at you, - I don't see you anymore.
2. enliven
- Why don't you enliven me? I don't think you're good at making tough decisions.
- He enlivened his speech with a few jokes.
3. snitch
- Someone must have snitched to the police.
4. total(v,to damage something extremely badly)
-  What? So your car's totaled.
5. gush
- There's a knife in your back and the blood is gushing down.
6. throb
7. carp/carping
- You just ignore their carping.
8. plagiarize
9. wedge
-  Stupid thing wedged up there.
10. bribe/bribery 贿赂=kickback(s), kickback(s) also means resistance.
- You're bribing me.
11. wrestle/wrestler
12. limp
- why are you limping? I don't know.
13. unionize
- It doesn't pay much and you can't unionize.
14. remiss
- I was remiss in paying my bills.
- I would be remiss if i did not ask the pretty young lady out on a date for this weekend.
15. startle
- You startled me!
16. revolt
- People are starting to notice how terrible jim is.It's great.Eventually, they'll rise up and revolt.
17. braid
- why don't you braid my hair?
18. enfranchise/disenfranchise
19. lob
- I was hoping to lob michael a soft ball question early.
20. rally
- a political rally
- I've always been the guy who can rally other people to rebel.
21. whack
22. misquote
23. rescind
- I will rescind the offer.
24. poach
- Our own investor poached him.
- Poaching my tenants.
25. wet
- I'm not wetting the bed.
26. endure
- I'll endure for your sake.
27. forgo
- Thanks to everybody for forgoing your salary this week.
- I'll be forced to forgo those opportunities because of your mediocrity.
28. insist
- I'm going to have to insist that John be removed if I continue here.
29. ruin
- That gentleman next door has the power to ruin us.
30. resign/resignation
- I'm going to resign.
- Today I have accepted the resignation of John.

### 2
1. emphasize/emphasis(n)
- Their father always emphasized the importance of discipline.
- emphasis on "independent".
2. counsel(to give advice to)
- I counsel any young founder today to pursue your dream not for profit or valuation.
3. vilify
4. shove(a strong push.)
5. entice/enticing(adj)
- That's a very enticing offer.
6. diffuse
- No, I'm totally kidding.I'm diffusing the tension with humor.
7. subtract
- If you subtract 5 from 9, we get 4.
8. grant
- permission granted
- I grant you.我同意你.
- I will grant you one wish.
9. rattle
- you try to rattle somebody to see if they freak out or not.
10. condescend/condescending(adj)
- You were arrogant,condescending and offensive.
11. hamstring
- Hooli has the unlimited resources to hamstring you.
12. pledge(n)
- can't collect your pledge.
- Jan called this morning and pledged $500.
13. decipher
- Mrs.John tried to decipher the sloppy handwriting.
- they were able to decipher the difference between yours and the others.
14. resonate
- Which Amazon leadership principle do you resonate most with?
15. energize
- I felt very energized after my holiday.
16. cultivate
- skills that can be measured and cultivated in people.
17. enchant
18. rivet
19. judder
- you see that frame judder as the camera pans?
20. clench/unclench.收紧,放松.
- I think the eagles could clench the X.
21. seizure
- fines, or even seizure and impounding of our equipment.罚款,甚至扣押或者没收我们的设备.
22. welsh
- We had a contract ,He promised to give us 5 million, and he's welshing.
23. spite
- And then Gavin promoted me just to spite you.只是为了报复你.
24. stake(risk,to risk an amount of money)
- we've staked substantial resources on its performance.
- I'm willing to stake my entire reputation on it.
25. taunt
- Gilfoyle kept taunting me and taunting me.
26. intervene/intervention(n)
- anti-smoking intervention 戒烟教育.
27. vent
- I guess I just needed to vent.
- I didn't mean to upset anyone, I just needed to vent.
- (to express a negative emotion in a forceful and often unfair way)
28. agonize
- It wasn't a rash decision.I agonized over it.
29. intoxicate/intoxicating(adj)
30. obliterate.
- The entire platform is obliterated.

### 3
1. spoon:(of two people) behave in an amorous way; kiss and cuddle.
- I saw them spooning on the beach
- John, I'm not asking you to spoon with the guy or even fork him.
2. swallow
- swallow your pride, or soon you'll be eating something far worse than shit.
3. disparage
- non-disparagement clause禁止恶言条款.
4. conjoin
- The two rivers eventually conjoin.
5. outrank
- Promote other websites to outrank the bad Nucleus news.
6. loathe
- Ordinarily, I loathe coming to China.
7. spur
- What spurrd the sudden uptick.什么刺激了用户量突然增长.Well, I notice something.
8. budge
- I won't budge on that.我绝不退让.
9. flatter
- I'm flattered.
10. remedy
- This mistake must be remedied immediately.
- It's a syntactical error that I could've remedied.
11. bifurcate
- We have to bifurcate our relationship.
- From this node(tree) they bifurcate.
12. anonymize
- We anonymize the data so researchers cannot identify any individual subjects.
13. salvage
- salvage an interview and bring it back on track.
- After the fraud scandal he had to make great efforts to salvage his reputation.
14. juggle
- Juggling tasks makes everything take longer.
- I was juggling existing freelance work, holiday plans with my partner, as well as assignments and exam study for my last two subjects of my university degree
15. whisk
- David whisked me away to the kitchen for a beverage, and before long, the interviewing began.
16. oust
- He threw it to oust her.是为了排挤他.
17. absolve
- You're on the hook for that. And even declaring bankruptcy isn't going to absolve you of these debts.
18. earmark
- To put money aside for a specific future purpose. To mark the ear of an animal.
- Ten thousand dollars of this year’s budget is earmarked for the renovation of the building.
19. prevail
- do prevail 获胜.
- And did reason prevail over (= become a more powerful influence than) emotion?
- A friendly atmosphere prevailed among members of the team.
20. prosecute
- or I assure you,that,I will prosecute.
21. invade
- Before we invade people's privacy, there is a conversation about ethics. 道德问题.
22. slip
- once you slip it on,everything will change.一旦你穿上这个衣服.
23. usher
- He will be ushering you out.
- It is my absolute pleasure to welcome you home as we usher in the 2018-19 academic year.
24. terrify
- I terrify you, as I should.
25. tank(fail completely, especially at great financial cost.)
- So we're tanking, and it's because we're too good. That's one way of looking at it.
- just tanked the whole project.
26. banish
- banished from my own company?
27. proclaim
- You publicly proclaimed.
28. harvest
- harvested from dead people in India.
29. adamant
- She was pretty adamant. 她非常坚定
30. dismantle
- I dismantled all the racks.

### 4
1. drench
- just pick a day and just drench it in  hawk urine.
2. beset
- It's funny, we're named Pied Piper , but we're beset with rats.
3. shutter
- shuttering Nucleus.
4. reconvene
- We will be reconvening tomorrow.
5. slander
- She's slandering my tech.
6. scrub
- Did you just say John scrubbed the Internet? 删帖
- scrubbing
7. bounce
- Why are our checks bouncing?咱们的支票怎么无效了.
8. pivot
- I'm pivoting.
9. sway
10. spook
11. fart
- Does he fart a lot and smell like onions?
12. propel
13. exude
- exude confidence.
14. overthink
- I overthink everything and worry too much.
15. retaliate
- If someone insults you, don't retaliate as it only makes the situation worse.
16. breach
- That is a serious breach of protocol.
- breach of contract. 违约
- unjust enrichment 不当得利.
- We're in breach. 我们违约了.
17. abet
- aiding and abetting.协助和教唆.
18. scurry
- If i scurry to the restroom,do you imagine he would...
19. displease
- I wouldn't want to do anything to displease him.
20. incense/incensed
- I have never seen him so incensed.
- It is either an incense dispenser or a ceremonial sarcophagus.
21. penetrate/penetration
- Are you saying John never penetrated my network?
- Sunscreens can help reduce the penetration of ultraviolet rays into the skin.
22. masturbate
23. tinker
- In the north pole, I spend many nights alone Tinkering with toys.
- The car wouldn't start, but my brother tinkered with the engine a little and got it going again.
24. emasculate/emasculating
25. concede
- I concede defeat.
26. ingest
27. reincarnate
- I've been reincarnated during the same time period in which I exist.
28. forgo
- I shall have to forgo the pleasure of seeing you this week.
- It is! Ten percent of Pied Piper! For which I forewent, yes, that's a real word, - one million dollars.
29. retract
- And now you're just gonna give me a seat on the board, only to retract that offer?!
30. renege
- If you renege on the deal now, I'll fight you in the courts.
- You offering me a position on this board and reneging it is a perfect example of you having no vision, no balls and no game.

### 5
1. swirl
- All I see is stars and swirls.
- the rumors swirling about your leadership.
2. entice
- entice them to download the app.
- One of the enticements of the job is the company car.
3. puke
- puked out a bunch of tech specs.
- vomit
4. pervert/perverted
- She told him he had a sick and perverted mind.
5. revenge
6. tuck
- tucked inside  this midtown manhattan high rise is an amazon prime warehouse.
7. ejaculate
8. perpetrate/perpetrator
- Officers, I reveal to you the perpetrator.
9. spew
- spewing ignorance!
10. tingle/tingling
11. topple
- The tree toppled and fell.
12. mimic
13. regurgitate
- regurgitating knowledge
- Many students simply regurgitate what they hear in lectures.
14. convey/conveyor
- The singer was conveyed from her hotel to the airport by limousine.
15. recur
- The same problem keeps recurring.
16. triple v
- He tripled his winnings at the track.
17. belabor
- I don’t want to belabour the point, but it’s vital you understand how important this is.
18. disguise
- He tried to disguise his voice on the phone but I could tell it was him.
19. captivate
- We were captivated by her beauty.
20. flop
21. ramble/rambling
- I'm just totally ramble. 我只是在瞎扯.
22. handcuff
23. demean/demeanor
- Is your ego so fragile that if someone disagrees with you,you have to demean them?贬低他们.
24. zoom
25. scramble
26. corrupt
27. scuff(v,n)
- reduce scuff .减少磨损
- I scuffed (up) my new shoes the very first time I wore them.
28. ensue/ensuing(adj)
- When the news broke, a long period of chaos ensued. [=followed]
- In the ensuing weeks, [=in the weeks afterward] her health gradually improved.
29. behead
30. abduct
- He was abducted [=kidnapped] from his home.

### 6
1. detonate/detonation
- They knew that the bomb could detonate [=blow up] at any time.
2. elevate
- The doctor told her to elevate [=raise] her leg.
3. usurp
- Some people have accused city council members of trying to usurp the mayor's power.
4. hop
- He hopped over the hot sand.
5. heckle
- You heckled santa for an hour and a half.
6. decapitate/decapitation
7. rent/renter
8. infuse
- Find a way to infuse some positivity into the interview.
- She has infused her followers with confidence.
9. dissuade
- Moreover, a good candidate who has a negative reaction to you or to the company is less likely to accept an offer-and they might dissuade their friends from interviewing/accepting as well.
10. cling
- cling to sth
- She clings to the hope that her husband will come back to her.
- candidates can cling to each thing that might possibly sound positive or negative.
11. fluster
- Adding on a "scary" question might just fluster a candidate and cause him to underperform.
- Stop flustering me, everybody!
12. recite/cite
- Sure, all else being equal, you might prefer someone who could recite the finer points of a two-inch thick algorithms textbook.
13. shrink
- Every new skill or attribute you evaluate shrinks the number of offers extended, unless you counter-balance this by relaxing the requirements for a different skill.
14. cluster
- When you ask questions that are too easy, performance gets clustered together.
15. pluck
- You can ask questions similar to these, but don't just pluck questions out of here.
16. opt
- With some of my clients, the CEO has even opted to not interview and to leave the company upon the acquisition.
17. slot
- I put my money in the slot and pressed the button but nothing came out.
- The CEO is often slotted into a product manager interview or a dev manager interview, as this is often the closest match for the CEO's current responsibilities.
- In other cases, the poor performance was a result of the employee being mis-slotted.
18. possess
- She possesses the unusual talent of knowing when to say nothing.
- Your interviewer will want to see that you possess this flexibility in your communication.
19. gleam
- He polished the table until it gleamed.
20. converge
- Due to roadworks, three lanes of traffic have to converge into two.
21. penalize
- The present tax system penalizes poor people.
22. oscillate
- My emotions oscillate between desperation and hope.
23. blabber(on about)
- What are you blabbering about?
- When a candidate blabbers on about a problem, it's hard for an interviewer who isn't well versed in the subject or project to understand it
24. proofread
- Please get at least one native English speaker to proofread your resume.
25. rile
- Don't let her rile you.
26. compose
- compose a text message.写一个短信.
27. cripple
- A crippling attack of malaria kept him in bed for months.
28. convict
- There might not have been enough evidence to convict him.
29. elect
30. interleave







----------------------------
### 7
### 8
### 9
### 10
### 11
### 12
### 13

1. splice
- Merge two sorted linked lists and return it as a new list. The new list should be made by splicing together the nodes of the first two lists.
2. reclaim
- You may be entitled to reclaim some tax.
- I reclaimed my suitcase from the lost luggage office.
3. sublet
4. fluff
5. condense
- Condense a book into 15 minutes for you to read.
6. cringe
- Suppose our interviewer hits us with a question that makes us cringe: Can we do better?
7. falsify
- That was an anomaly.That file had been falsified.
8. dilate
- I need to see your pupils.See if they're dilating.
9. scorn
- They scorn the stuffy suits-and-ties atmosphere of their predecessors and elect to wear just jeans and a T-shirt.
10. flag/flagging:(of a person) become tired, weaker, or less enthusiastic.
- you guys have kind of been flagging.
11. exploit
- exploit us.剥削我们
12. implicate
- All I can say without implicating you,is that I've instituted an operation to safeguard our interests.
13. defecate
- defecate in my pants.
14. dip
- Whenever the price of Bitcoin dips below a certain value,it's no longer efficient to mine.
15. commend(praise formally or officially.)
- I commend you.
16. extricate
- Then, we just need to extricate you from this situation.
17. salute
- I will salute you.
18. snub
- They’re likely to snub people who aren’t just like them.
- Did you snub me earlier?无视
19. devour
- I will be the one devouring you.
- Have you ever seen a  lioness devour her cub?
20. emit
- Producer emits messages to exchange. Consumer receives messages from queue.
21. breed
- Constraints breed resourcefulness, self-sufficiency and invention.
22. crouch
- The thing is, when I crouched, I had to burp.我蹲下后开始打嗝.
23. evacuate
- Did you evacuate in your pants?
24. yearn
- they're yearning for inspiration. 他们渴望被鼓舞.
25. antagonize
- Antagonizes other salesmen.



15. endeavor
- To my mother and grandmother,whose engineering endeavors paved the way for my own.
4. baffle
- Her behavior baffles [=bewilders] me.
6. embark
- Millions of Europeans embarked for America in the late 19th century.
7. emanate
- Good smells emanated from the kitchen.
8. detain/detention
14. nag
- It is not your job to nag around for tasks.
15. plummet
- it's plummeting.我们要完蛋了.
- I feel tired and my productivity plummets.
19. sap
- Instead of making us more efficient, multitasking ends up sapping our productivity, killing our focus, and adding to our stress level.
30. boom
4. stutter
2. commence/commencement
- After significant surveying and campus feedback, the Commencement schedules for the Class of 2019 and the Class of 2020 have been set. Please mark your calendars!
27. chase
24. intersperse
19. scream
- That's me screaming.
28. lick
1. pilot
- you're piloting a two-ton missile.
15. slam
- I slammed on (= quickly used) the brakes, but it was too late.
- Others just keep slamming their head against the same wall,never making any real progress.
9. rehabilitate/rehabilitation
- rehabilitation center
6. waive
- You waived our no dog policy?你废除了我们的无狗政策?
30. unwind
- I wanted to unwind after a hard day.
28. whittle
- whittle sth down
- We had 80 applicants for the job, but we've whittled them down to six.
26. permute/permutation
- we wish to permute the order of the bytes.
23. assure
- He believed that hard work would assure his success.
22. scuffle
- Children scuffled on the playground.
21. ensue/ensuing
- When the news broke, a long period of chaos ensued. [=followed]
- In the ensuing weeks, [=in the weeks afterward] her health gradually improved.
21. sue
- They're gonna reverse-engineer a version as close as they can without getting sued.
20. clash
- The brothers often clash [=argue] over politics.
- Protesters clashed with the police yesterday.
- Police and protesters clashed yesterday.
17. tumble
- He tripped and tumbled to the ground.
14. excerpt
- This video is an excerpt from  a larger course.
8. err
6. battle(do battle)
- Even if no one is hurt, if there’s real damage and insurance companies will soon do battle, it’s a good idea to call 911.
5. rave
- She was ranting and raving about some imagined insult.
1. premise
- He premised his argument on several incorrect assumptions.
- We don’t accept the premise that cutting taxes will necessarily lead to increased economic productivity.
29. imitate
- Their competitors soon imitated [=copied] the idea.
12. intimidate/intimidation
- he tries to intimidate his rivals
- intimidation  lawsuit.
24. forbid/forbade
- I forbid you to go!
- She was forbidden by her parents to marry him.
23. slur/slurring
- John showed up in bad shape,slurring her words,fighting off drowsiness.
21. choke
- Chew your food well so you don't choke.
18. clump/peacock/strut
- The girls were all clumped together watching these young peacocks strut their stuff, knowing their job was to sit there and be impressed.
17. fixate
- While people tend to fixate on equity ownership and equality,what really matter is whether there is equal power sharing between founders.
12. jerk/swing
- If you were driving with her, she would jerk the car to the side of the road, get out, leaving the car door swingging open.
- swinging the bag and the cane gun.
10. outperform,deteriorate
- Another reason why trie outperforms hash table, is that as hash table increases in size, there are lots of hash collisions and the search time complexity could deteriorate to O(n), where n is the number of keys inserted.
3. cremate
- Her body was burned, cremateed at 1800 degrees.
2. rob
1. stash
- Each house has a certain amount of money stashed.
- That's where I stashed the chandelier.
27. telecast
- The network will telecast [=televise] the game live.
26. incur
- What did he do to incur such wrath?
22. dominate
- The entire algorithm is dominated by the sorting step, which is O(nlog n) .
21. sweep
- After sorting, we can sweep the sorted array to find if there are any two consecutive duplicate elements.
16. veto(reject,refuse)
- The VP typically won't be present but can still veto the hire if they weren't impressed.
15. escort
-  if you don't pass, you'll simply be escorted out of the building without ever having been the wiser (until now).
- escort you off the property.陪你走出公司.
- I escorted the patrons to a worker in the department who could better help.
8. grill(vt to ask someone a lot of questions for a long time)
- Your recruiter is usually there to prep you, not to grill you on technical questions.
6. demystify
- What I need is a book that will demystify the workings of a car engine for me.
2. denial/rope
- rope someone into something(to persuade a person or group to do something)
- I was roped into playing softball last night.
- But each time , I knew I was being roped into denial.
1. subside
- The police are hoping that the violence will soon subside.
- Then after things subsideed, she would reach out, and we would both be happy to not have to deal with the larger issue.
24. overlook
- The detective overlooked an important clue.
- His film was nominated for an Oscar, but Reiner himself was overlooked as best director.
- Milestones are an especially important element that's often overlooked.
- The final point is extremely important and usually overlooked.
27. glorify
- Especially since acqui-hires are glorified in the Valley.
30. sniff
- He sniffed his socks to see if they needed washing.
6. thwart
- She did all she could to thwart his plans.
27. vomit
- Julie ate some bad food yesterday. She's going to vomit.
- I actually vomited a little.
16. envision
- She envisioned a better life for herself.
15. creep/creepy
12. crush
- Her arm was crushed in the accident.
3. solidify
- I am here to help you solidify your understanding of computer science fundamentals and then learn how to apply those fundamentals to crack the coding interview.
4. riddle/riddled
- It's riddled  with bugs.
- Finally, when he began coding, he flew through the code with an initial solution, but it was riddled with mistakes that he failed to catch.
6. combat
- I've seen their mistakes and struggles, and I've devel­oped techniques and strategies to help them combat those very issues.
9. correlate
- Even if the skills wouldn't be that hard to learn on their own, they say it's reasonably well-correlated with being a good developer.
17. ace
- He aced the test.
20. comprehend
21. shine
- Here he shines a light on four components,but recommends using them together, so their impact compounds.
- Basically, this is ur chance to shine.
23. craft
- craft a story.
25. bewilder/bewildering
- an utterly bewildering experience
- His decision bewildered [=puzzled, perplexed] her.
25. ban/banned
- he was banned from driving for a year
26. converse
- It would be great if u can be able to at least converse with them not just ask completely amateurish questions.
27. issue
- u issue a depth-first search.
1. preempt
- The contract preempts lawsuits by the company's clients.
2. delimit
- Strict guidelines delimit his responsibilities.
6. lure
12. foster
- We are trying to foster [=encourage, promote] a sense of community.
15. detract
- They worried that the scandal would seriously detract from [=diminish, hurt] her chances for reelection.
18. haul
- I hope he doesn't haul off and just hit you.
18. overhaul
- This is a massive overhaul.
- They had to overhaul their original plans.
20. debrief
- Police debriefed the hostages upon their return.
27. detach
- It can be difficult to detach yourself from the chaos of the situation.
1. outsource
3. expedite
8. procure(obtain)/procurement
- She managed to procure a ticket to the concert.
- the procurement of materials and supplies
12. rebrand
- Businesses may decide to rebrand for several reasons.
15. rehash
- You're just rehashing the same argument all over again.
16. pique
- After a moment of pique, the senator responded calmly to his accusers.
- The package piqued [=sparked, aroused] my curiosity.
19. pitch
- Interesting pitch. 有趣的展示.
- When you pitched me Pied Piper.
21. snap
- I’ve put up with my in-laws for four days and didn’t snap once…
26. hog
- What Is Google Chrome Helper, and Why Is It Hogging My CPU Cycles?
27. haunt
30. assimilate/assimilation
- Children need to assimilate new ideas/concepts.
- Do the exercises on paper to test your assimilation.
4. counter
- To counter such resistance, Fb has progressively turned off the message facility on its own app and telling mobile users they must migrate to Messenger.
6. incentivise/incentivize
- Competitions aren't the only way to incentivise.
7. harness
- The company offers a quality services and harnesses the power of existing users to bring more customers.
14. graze
- cattle grazing on the slopes
- one of the long spikes grazed his shoulder, ripping his robes
21. unleash
- unleash the power of John展示
- The storm unleashed its fury.
25. befall/befell
- It's sad to think of the unhappy fate that befell him.
- The drought was only one of many hardships to befall the small country.
28. adjourn
- This meeting is adjourned. 本次会议到此结束.
- John,If didn't vote to remove you,then Tom would've adjourned the meeting.暂停会议.
- This meeting is adjourned. means it's finished.
- We're going to adjourn this meeting until next week .means we're going to take a break , we're going to come back and finish next time.
1. hinge/referral
- give me a referral.
- After all, applying online is tricky; a personal referral is much better, and your ability to do so hinges on your network.
- hinge on (So much of their business hinges on how well in China)
2. contend(vi,vt)
- will contend for the championship this year
- contended with the problems of municipal government
- contends that the new law would help only the wealthy
- The bomb squad has to contend with this traffic.
5. plague
- Drought and wildfires continue to plague the area.
10. rectify
- Rectify your eating habits to stay disease free.
11. marginalize
- It's unrealistic for majority of the readers here to practice what you said without the help from native speakers ‘cause most fobs guys are isolated/marginalized as f*** at the first place even for many fob girls.
13. clamp
- clamp one's face
18. yawn
- Scientists may have just solved one of life’s biggest mysteries: Why yawning is contagious.
20. brag
- always bragging about his success(vi)
- bragged that she was the faster runner on her team(vt)
21. aggrandize
- Sorry, We can be a little bit self-aggrandizing sometimes here in America.
- a movie that aggrandizes the bad guys and makes the cops look like dopes
22. romanticize/romanticization
- He has romanticized notions of army life.
23. infantilize/infantilization
26. decimate/decimation: means one in ten.
- This kind of moth is responsible for decimating thousands of trees in our town.
- Crops from both countries will be decimated.
- decimate a regiment
- And like other native Americans, their populations were decimated by diseases.
27. dwell/dwelling
- He dwelled [=lived] in the same town for years.
- What Is Dwelling Insurance?
3. dangle
- I was dangling my feet in.我把脚放进泳池.
- approaching the dangling null at the end of each list
- The money she dangled in front of him wasn't enough to convince him to sell.
- She sat on the edge of the pool, dangling her feet in the water.
- Some companies will dangle money at you as an alternative to going on the PIP.You can take it and bail.
4. shackle
- placed shackles on the legs of the prisoners
- Obviously, this is much easier if you aren't shackled to them by some kind of unhumane quasi-slavery  visa situation that we do to our friends who happen to  be bron somewhere else.
21. rant
- his rants against organized religion
19. ossify
- You can cheerfully sink into your comfort zone and let your opinions ossify into grumpy old man syndrome.Don't do that, it's not pleasant for anyone.
1. churn
- And on and on until a narrowly-scoped changelist has expanded to include lots of unrelated churn.
- The biggest problem they face is churn. Wireless providers lose an average of about 30% of their customers a year to competitors.
4. gripe
- Students griped about having too much homework.
- THe author may gripe about splitting the changelist because it's a tedious task.
10. compliment(to say nice things about (someone or something))/complement(to complete something else or make it better)
- Sincere compliments ease this tension by demonstrating that you are their supportive teammate and not the cruel gatekeeper.
12. canvass
- Detectives are unsure whether the attacker was alone but said there were signs of forced entry into the home. Investigators have interviewed neighbors and canvassed the area.
13. stew
- The longer you and your teammate stew in stalemate , the more damaging it is to your relationship.
14. weigh
- Weigh the cost of just approving the changes.
16. ambush
- We have reports of enemy soldiers ambushing civilians on this road.
- They want ambush you and replace you with Big head.
17. retain
- A landlord may retain part of your deposit if you break the lease.
- They insisted on retaining old customs.
19. obstruct
- my job wasn't to obstruct her work,but rather help it move forward.
- A large tree obstructed the road.
21. stall
- Interviewers want to see that, when faced with an ambiguous situation, you don't get overwhelmed and stall.
- Recall that the review that had been stalled for three painful weeks.
22. strangle
- Bob didn't try to strangle the review to perfection.
- The company is trying to strangle the smaller competition.
24. hinder
- If you feel unable to bring code up to your quality standards,think about what aspects of the review process are hindering you and how you can address them.
- Their journey was hindered by snow and high winds. economic growth hindered by sanctions
29. loiter
- loitering objects
- Loitering is prohibited outside the theaters.
1. derail
- Code reviews require more tact and care than usual communication because there's a high risk of derailing the discussion into a personal agrument.
4. stray
- The farther you stray from authoritative documentation, the shakier your evidence becomes.
14. dismiss
- He has been dismissed from his job for incompetence.
15. meander
- My tone was professional but meandering into the realm of passive-aggressive.
17. dread
- He can't swim and dreads the water
- All morning, I felt a sinking weight in the pit of my stomach as I dreaded the next round of review.
18. pound
- my heart began pounding in my chest as I grew more infuriated by each of her responses.
19. rebut(v)/rebutta(n)/hammer(n)
- I immediately started hammering my keyboard with rebuttals, pointing out that she had neither made my suggested changes nor offered justification for me to approve.We repeated this routine every day for three weeks.The code barely changed.
20. fling
- Fine Doubled for Car Drivers Flinging Cigarette Butts on the Roads.
23. confront/confrontation
- my mom confronted her with some hard evidence.
- Have you ever had a confrontation at your last job?
24. peed
- I peed my pants.
31. withhold
- An employee's withholding critical information about a competitor.
- The only reason you should withhold approval is if the code remains at an F after a few rounds of review.
10. captivate
- Founders on Indiae Hackers captivated me because they were in control.
11. stagnate(V)/stagnant(adj)
- Whether their business became a runaway success or stagnated for years, they were calling the shots.
- Stagnant water
14. belittle
- He wanted us to recognize the users as people not just a user, which he thought was belittling.
- Try to be around smart, productive, happy, and positive people that don't belittle your ambitions.
19. dissect
- a 20-person meeting where you dissect code line by line.
22. squander
- The government squandered [=wasted] the money on failed programs.
- squandering all our runway for fancy offices.
- Don't squander these resources on tasks a computer can do, especially when a computer can do them better.
- Don’t squander your potential living a life that amounts to far less than the one you are capable of living.
26. defer
- She deferred work on her book.
- The accountant advised us not to defer our taxes. [=not to pay our taxes later]
- She'll defer her decision.
27. codify
- When you reach agreement, codify that decision in your style guide.
2. deprecate
- I don't mean to deprecate [=belittle, minimize] his accomplishments.
8. cater
- The restaurant caters for parties.
- A local restaurant catered the banquet.
- the second one which is really catered towards those that are new maybe you've just tried vscode recently in the last few month.
11. obfuscate
- Hashing is a way to obfuscate the actual plain text password.
12. spot
- I spotted an error in my math.
- She spotted a deer in the woods.
- We’ll be able to spot that change and we’ll be able to deny the user access.
16. rove :wander about aimlessly
- I'm going to rove through the forest/mountains.
17. wander
- I was just wandering around the house.
- They wandered down the street.
19. sack
- They sacked [=fired] her for always being late.
- Do shareholders have the right to sack the entire board of directors?
20. pinpoint
- They were finally able to pinpoint the cause of the fire.
- He pinpointed the city on the map.
25. taint
- tainted food
- They wouldn't be tainted by any sort of favoritism or politics.
- that rare political campaign that wasn't marred by the taint of false accusations
28. wager(bet)
- I would wager a bet that ninety percent of the people's email addresses contain english letters.
- I would wager that......
1. concatenate
- U choose a letter U just concatenate it onto the end of string.
- Then we can concatenate another string using the plus operator.
5. ditch
- Ditch the node package manager explanation.
- ditch an old car
- had to ditch their plan
- His girlfriend ditched him.
7. tweak
- We just wanted to tweak his original idea a bit.
- Now we do need to tweak this a little bit.(代码稍微修改一下.)
8. testify
- I can testify to the foregoing since I was actually present when it happened.
9. revert
- He reverted to bad habits.
15. populate
- Immigrants began to populate the area in the late 19th century.
- Strange creatures populate the ocean depths.
- The error object is not going to get populated.
16. skyrocket
- The temperature is skyrocketing as the sun starts coming up.
17. relay
- we can print a message that relays that message to the user.
- Please relay the news to the rest of the team.
18. hoist
- The cargo was hoisted up onto the ship.
19. .
- intimidate(v: to make (someone) afraid)
- imitate(v:to make or do something the same way as (something else))
- intimate(adj: having a very close relationship : very warm and friendly)
- They remained intimate friends throughout their lives.
22. pry
- It's important to not put anything in here that you don't want prying eyes to see.
24. forfeit
- If the review process requires the author to run these checks manually, you forfeit most of the benefit.
- those unable to meet their taxes were liable to forfeit their property
25. bicker
- Consistent style is certainly important, but a code review is not the time to bicker about where to put the curly braces.
- How To Avoid Bickering In Marriage?
30. clutter
- Many candidates make the mistake of adding all 13 of their prior projects, cluttering their resume with small, non-impressive projects.
5. hallucinate(hal·lu·ci·nate)
- The patient may hallucinate if she has a fever.
9. ameliorate(a·me·lio·rate)
- medicine to ameliorate the pain.
11. inflict(in·flict)
- they inflicted serious injuries on three other men.
12. behoove(be·hoove)
- He behaved with dignity, as behooves [=befits] a man of his age.
- I think it would  behoove  us to prioritize hiring a woman.
- Once again, it behooves a project to capture this critical information in a systematic, clear, and repeatable way.
18. demilitarize(de·mil·i·ta·rize)
- a demilitarized zone
19. bunk(to stay overnight at a place)
- We'll bunk here for the night.
25. baffle/baffling
- Patterns can be a good way to approach a baffling problem.
25. tantalize/tantalizing
- This was baffling but tantalizing when introduced in the first episode.
26. flip
- the yacht was flipped by a huge wave
- I'm going to flip it using exclamation mark.
- Even though you and your team spent painstaking hours writing this proposal, selecting just the right graphics, and coming up with the best solution for your client’s problem, they may only read this one page and then flip to your pricing table.
9. scribble
- it’s easy to scribble a DFD on a whiteboard while discussing how the user’s business operates.
10. retrofit
- It can be difficult and expensive to retrofit desired quality characteristics into a product late in development or after delivery.
- The factory has been retrofitted to meet the new safety regulations.
- We can retrofit your car with the new fuel system.
11. span.
- They can span multiple stories and multiple iterations.
- Her academic interests span a wide variety of topics.
17. proliferate/proliferation.
- SOA, has no upper limit and promotes the proliferation of multiple heterogeneous protocols through its messaging middleware component.
23. abhor
- We believe we know that Americans abhor[=hate, loathe] extremes and mistrust ideology
24. compromise
- I will never compromise the product.
- irrational asshole that doesn't compromise on anything.
- To avoid an argument, always be ready to seek compromise.
26. indulge/indulgence
- indulge in free bagels
- No, You Don't Deserve That Indulgence Today
28. stun/stunned
- I was stunned and didn't know what to do next.
- I was stunned when it ended up being so valuable.
30. annul
- unfortunately, his arrogant attitude annuls the many generous favors he does for people
- Kenyan Supreme Court annuls presidential election in historic ruling
3. hone
- Hone your approach by thinking critically about the outcomes of your code reviews.
- The desire for variety is expected from a chef who's honed her skills across the country and landed in Cleveland just three years ago to accept a job at Michael Symon's esteemed Lola.
5. despair
- I was overcome by despair at being unable to find them.(n)
- Things look bad now, but don't despair.
7. disdain/disdainful
- He looked at the waiter with a disdainful glare.
9. debunk.
- The article debunks the notion that life exists on Mars.
- The results of the study debunk his theory.
10. sham(cheapfalseness)
- Many people believed he could help them, but I knew he was a sham.
12. flaunt/bucket.
- She liked to flaunt her wealth by wearing furs and jewelry.
- Thus, when they see a candidate seems to flaunt which specific versions of a language they know, recruiters will often bucket the candidate as "not our kind of person:'
17. fudge(to avoid making a decision or giving a clear answer about something).
- Politicians have been known to fudge the issues.
24. relent(to give in to pressure; to become less severe or intense; to completely stop.)
15. procrastinate
- He procrastinated and missed the submission deadline.
- He told her to stop procrastinating and get to work.
1. subsidize
3. enunciate
- she enunciated each word slowly.
- So in his order, the judge wants to correctly enunciate the law.
4. enclose
- the entire estate was enclosed with walls
- She enclosed a photo with the card.
7. commingle.
- Fact and fiction commingle in the story.
- the dust had commingled with the rain
- He commingled his personal funds with money from the business.
8. circumvent.
- He found a way to circumvent the law.
- Any solutions that attempt to circumvent the judge will result in disqualification.
30. lag.
- Java performance lagged well behind C++.
13. bootstrap
- the company is bootstrapping itself out of a marred financial past
17. espouse
- The new theory has been espoused by many leading physicists.
- The premises of the on-site customer and close customer collaboration with developers that agile methods espouse certainly are sound.
19. convene
- We convened at the hotel for a seminar.
- A world council was convened in Paris.
28. mutate
- technology continues to mutate at an alarming rate
29. rumble
- thunder rumbled, lightning flickered
3. vet/veterinarian/veterinary. vt:to evaluate for possible approval or acceptance
- I have to take my dog to the vet(veterinarian).
- They vetted her thoroughly before offering her the job.
- I’d imagine that at first it would likely only be open to a family of well-vetted partners, providing more of a semi-private API for a controlled platform than an openly available public API.
- you're vetting a candidate.
6. outstrip
- The new hotel outstrips all other hotels in the area in size and luxury.
23. toss.
- Do you really want to risk having your resume tossed for this reason?
- fair coin tossing
- She tossed the ball high in the air.
- She tossed the paper at the recycling bin.
- He tossed his dirty socks onto the floor.
- With so many applicants to wade through, recruiters and hiring managers may look for any excuse to toss your résumé.
24. utter/utterance
1. imbue
- I spend a lot of time praying that they are imbued with greater wisdom.
- Those origins undoubtedly imbueed the company with a deep understanding of the importance of SEO.
4. compose.
- the system is composed of a group of machines
6. craft
- She crafted a strategy to boost the company's earnings.
11. purport.
- Do you purport to spend the rest of your life on that couch, or do you think you might get a job someday?
- I do not understand the purport of your remarks
- Beware of users who purport to speak for a user class to which they do not belong.
16. propagate
- the French propagated the idea that the English were violent and gluttonous drunkards
17. overlap
- The roof shingles overlap each other
- Baseball season overlaps the football season in September.
- Some of their duties overlap.
18. interpose
- The new system has interposed a bureaucratic barrier between doctors and patients.
- He tried to interpose himself between the people who were fighting.
22. augment
- he augmented his summer income by painting houses
24. gauge
- besides getting a gauge of your energy and confidence levels.
- astronomers can gauge the star's intrinsic brightness
- He accurately gauged the mood of the voters.(estimate, judge )
2. encapsulate
- The contaminated material should be encapsulated and removed.
4. intuit
- I intuited his real identity
- She intuited a connection between the two crimes.
6. relieve
- Relieve tension between customer/user and developers.Build trust on all sides.
- relieve you of your badge.收回你的工牌.
13. substitute.
- theory is no substitute for practice.
- if you like, you can use nuts as a substitute for coconut in that recipe
- you'll be getting a substitute until your regular teacher is feeling better
- I found someone to substitute for me.
- soy milk is used as a substitute for dairy milk
15. negate/negation
- evil is not merely the negation of goodness
- issued specific negations of all of the charges against her
24. revoke.
- The judge revoked her driver's license.
- Their privileges were revoked after they misbehaved.
11. subsume
- it is obvious that the later interval completely subsumes the previous interval.
- games and team sports are subsumed under the classification of “recreation”
- red, green, and yellow are subsumed under the term "color"
10. arbitrate
- the board has the power to arbitrate in disputes
9. belie
- The brilliance of the sun belied the low temperature.
8. vest
- Our packages include nice salaries,cash earn-outs,stock whick vests after only four years of working there.
- executive power is vested in the president
2. eschew
- he appealed to the crowd to eschew violence
- a psychologist who eschews the traditional methods of psychotherapy
1. relinquish
- relinquish any of my shares in their company.
- She was forced to relinquish control of the project.
- The court ordered him to relinquish custody of his child.
30. simulate/simulated
- red ocher intended to simulate blood
- They are trained in simulated combat.
15. vibrate
- And it should vibrate. 指手机.
- When you blow into the instrument, the air vibrates the reed.
6. assort/assorted/assortment
- assort these butterfly specimens according to geographic origin
- She hangs around with rock stars, drug addicts, and assorted [=various] other oddballs.
- the room was filled with an assortment of clothes
2. refrain
- she refrained from comment
- I was going to make a joke but I refrained.
23. consist
- The exhibition will consist of a wide range of products aimed at the construction industry.
22. comprise
- the country comprises twenty states
21. apportion
- voting power will be apportioned according to contribution
- we can apportion the money among/between us.
20. glean
- the information is gleaned from press clippings
29. augment/augmented
- augmented pensions for those retiring at 65
4. heed
- She failed to heed the warnings.
- if we had heeded the ranger's advice, we might not have gotten lost
15. elicit
- I want you to just react to whatever this not elicits.
17. traverse
- light rays traversing a crystal.
29. depict
- Angels are usually depicted with wings.
3. flout
- Despite repeated warnings, they have continued to flout the law.
4. thrash
- He thrashed me with his belt.
- After thrashing him, one of the youths pulled a pistol and shot him in the stomach.
15. abound
- They live in a region where oil abounds.
- a city that abounds with art museums and private galleries
25. dampen
- nothing could dampen her enthusiasm
- Unequal co-founder relationships are a way to dampen future co-founder issues.
30. superimpose
- A triangle superimposed on an inverted triangle forms a six-pointed star.
29. resent/resentment
-I didn't steal the money I have. I resent being treated like I did.
- his resentment at being demoted
- He's filled with resentment at his boss.
8. coin
- Bruce Jay Nelson is generally credited with coining the term "remote procedure call"
7. endow
- The money will be used to endow the museum and research facility.
1. quantify/quantifiable
- It is difficult to quantify intelligence.
6. deem
- the event was deemed a great success
- The principal will take whatever action she deems appropriate in this case.
5. tamper
- someone tampered with the brakes on my car
- One count of aggravated vehicular homicide and the charge of tampering with evidence was dismissed.
22. supersede
- In the commercial world new technologies supersede the old.
- This edition supersedes the previous one.
21. unify
- The creation of the national railroad system unified the country.
17. impede
- He claims that economic growth is being impeded by government regulations.
- The soldiers could not impede the enemy's advance.
27. infringe/infringement
- To search for copyright infringements.
- any government action limiting freedom of speech is an infringement of the U.S. Constitution
- this bill is an infringement of our civil liberties
- To see if you're infringing on any copy righted material.