#3

#2

#1
The client is going to touch base with us next week about the project specs.
Do you think we can touch base on the status of our visa next week?
Are you free for a call on Monday?
I need a money order for five hundred bucks.
Traffic jam
Myth buster
Many companies support employees to obtain visa, work permit, and/or green card.
Employees shouldn’t disclose their salary.
How long have you been at this company?
Your service works 99% of time, but not 100%.
What are your options?
How’s it going? How is your evening going? It’s going great,Thanks!.
Amazon Fresh is a grocery delivery service that offers consumers the option of purchasing their groceries online and schedule future deliveries of purchased groceries.
Hail to the chief!
So I am gonna give her a ride home.
peanut brittle
What if they don't want to show the location to all friennds?
What happens if they don't want to add location?
Are we planning on using the location in other places in the future?
To celebrate, I remember company executives treated us to a 1000 meal in Las Vegas on the company's dime.
Spending so much on furniture was foreign to me.
stomach ache
cranberry juice
scrambled eggs with ham and cheese
I always appreciate constructive criticism about my job performance.I thrive on it.
I reallhy looking forward to working with you.
Oh,No,That is so sweet .But thank you, though.
What is your commute like?How long does it to get in?
It was hard enough to convince jan to come.
How long did this take you?(time)
Have I ever steered you wrong, Jim?
Needless to say, she was very, very expensive.
Could i have a word with you,champ? - Yes,let's have a word.
You can't put a price on freedom.
Could I be part of the meeting also? You have too much to do around here.I don't wanna take up your time.
I am gone.
When did you need that rundown by? - As soon as possible.
I will make that my top priority.


