### People
1. mobster
2. gangster
3. thorax
4. chump
- And he made us all look like chumps.
5. espionage
6. amateur
7. custodian
8. surrogate
9. weirdo
10. voyeur
11. triad
12. clan
- How can you hold them off until your clan arrives? You cannot go wrong with a throat punch.
13. scoundrel
14. servant
15. bumpkin
16. treason
17. santa clause/claus圣诞老人.
18. princess 公主.
19. moron/morons
20. nanny
21. cyborg.半个机器人.
22. wuss
23. dickhead
24. simpleton
- He is a bit of a simpleton.
25. gringo
26. tot(small children)
27. menace
- Jim halpert is a menace.
28. tranny
29. quadruplet
30. homeboy

### P2
1. scumbag
2. fetus
3. proprietor 经营者/业主.
4. coward/cowardly
5. alien
- We might as well have interns, we hire illegal aliens.
6. clown
- Those guys are clowns. 这些人就是小丑.
7. moron
8. poser
9. congressman
10. corporal
11. hostage
12. trooper
13. braggart
14. novice
- One mistake, frequently made by novice interviewers, is to be indecisive.
15. mastermind
- Pam was the mastermind.
16. handyman
- A handyman competent with wood and metal.
17. protégé
18. infantry
19. slater
20. mistress
- Buy a sports car, get a mistress half your age, run a marathon, open a restaurant ...
21. elite
22. asshole
23. immigrant
24. jester
- and also be her court jester.
25. endorser
- To extend an offer, the HC wants to see at least one interviewer who is an "enthusiastic endorser:'
26. pushover
- Krista gets whatever she wants – her parents are real pushovers.
27. paragon
- a paragon of a wife
28. martyr
- Google Chrome Helper is a martyr.
29. dwarf
30. guru
- these 3 are my gurus.

### P3
1. heathen
- a missionary sent to distant lands to convert the heathens
2. acrobat/acrobatic
- a child who is a natural acrobat with a superb sense of balance
3. genie
- I don't think u can put that genie back in the bottle now.
4. techie 技术人员
5. peon
- I was just the mindless peon whose work was so irrelevant that it could be pre-empted at a moment's notice.
- “Those rich politicians don't care about peons like us,” she complained.
- The new policy changes affect the whole department, from the manager down to the office peons. [=the lowest paid workers in the office]
6. shrew
- Well,you, madam , are a shrew of the first order.顶级悍妇.
7. executive
8. mediator.
- if you two cannot resolve this argument on your own, we'll have to bring in a mediator
9. naysayer(nay·say·er)
- naysayers claim that the idea is just a rebranding of service-oriented architecture (SOA).
- Sometimes you just need to thank the nonbelievers and naysayers, for they are what give you the inspiration to keep going.
10. intermediary.
- intermediaries between lenders and borrowers
11. deliveryman
12. apprentice
13. intruder
- detecting intruders
14. niece/nephew
15. The rookie
- There are three rookies in the starting lineup.
16. liaison
- Administrators need to establish a close liaison with employees.
- he's our liaison with a number of interested parties
17. dork/dorky(stupid and awkward)
18. slut/slutty
19. prude



### Animal
1. roach
- roach motel
2. mallard
3. hamster
4. lemming
5. reindeer
6. amphibian
7. carnivore
8. octopus
9. scavenger
10. donkey
11. dinosaur

### Food
1. tiramisu
2. peach
3. caramel
4. tamale
5. mustard
6. broccoli
7. peppermint
8. pepperoni/crust/topping/alfredo/mozzarella/cabbage/crunchy/entrée
9. culinary(烹饪)
10. sammich(sandwich)
11. walnuts
12. sundae bar
13. ketchup(番茄酱)
14. pretzel
15. gruel
16. topping
17. hardtack
18. linguini
19. aphrodisiac
20. pasties
- So no pasties today.
21. beverage
- Would like a beverage? Yes, I would.
22. lemonade
23. grapefruit


### 物品
1. purse钱包
2. itinerary
3. helium
4. fabric
5. wringer


### 病药
1. diarrhea
2. anesthetic
3. pediatrician(儿科医生)
4. placebo
5. probiotic


### 专有名词
1. sandal
- The man is wearing sandals.I don't need to see oscar's toes at work.
2. knapsack
3. collar
4. binocular
- binoculars 望远镜
5. algebra
6. ascii code/unicode
7. theorem
8. blackjack
9. crisper
- more room in the crisper.更多冰箱(保鲜盒)中的空间.
10. dissertation
11. dovetail
12. casket=coffin
13. shrapnel


### Car
1. 双门车 Coupe
2. 四门车 Sedan
3. 掀背车 Hatchback
4. 小卡车 Pickup
5. 油电混合车 Hybrid

### 1
1. sanitation
2. loafer
- Should I change? - You're wearing loafers.
3. distress
- Lady in distress.
4. clunker
5. receptacle
- It's not some kind of personal pen receptacle for you.
6. shredder
7. stroller
8. tankard
9. railing
10. wordplay
- They're mocking you with wordplay!
11. plethora
12. triathlon
13. shoelace
- Last time,you pulled my pants down, and then you tried to choke me with my shoelace.
14. kitsch/kitschy
15. limo
16. lounge
17. eminence
18. garment
19. brink
- It was fun when we weren't on the brink of bankruptcy.
20. hangover
21. speck
- we're all just little, tiny specks of dust.
22. rivalry
23. favouritism
24. livelihood
- This isn't a game, you know? It's our livelihood! What about a raise based on merit?
25. rugby/lacrosse
26. overtone(hint)
27. billboard
28. testis/testes/testicle
29. misery
- I'm effectively leveraging your misery.
30. retainer 定金.

### 2
1. methodology
2. misconception
3. tenure
- Sign-on payments are allocated to you for year 1 and year 2 of your tenure with Amazon
4. hallmark
- Six Hallmarks of a Powerful Résumé
- John has designed a system to make interviewing a hallmark experience for candidates and a strategic advantage for your startup.
5. resort
6. ascension
- What a meteoric ascension.
7. diuretic
- It's a diuretic.
8. blackout
- Did that blackout scare you?
9. denomination
- Japanese coin,Lowest denomination.
10. outlet
- plenty of outlets.很多插座.
- There's not a lot of outlets out there.
11. decorum
- It's important for you and your guests to maintain a certain level of decorum during the Commencement.
12. nook
13. bowing 鞠躬.
14. waist 腰部.
15. anonymity
- Actually,our policy guarantees anonymity.
16. plight
17. division
- That's like an entire division at Facebook.
18. decency
- It crosses every line of decency.
19. juncture
- We're at a pretty critical juncture right now.
20. serendipity
- But I was only referring to the serendipity of the coincidence.我只想让你知道这有多巧合.
21. godsend
- There is a driver with a sign waiting at the airport to take them to a comfortable hotel—which was an absolute godsend for me.
22. quitter
- You are just jealous I have a salary,quitter.
23. outreach
- Okay, we use that money to do outreach,tutorials.拓展.
24. prerogative
- Alex makes all the big decisions - that's his prerogative as company director.
25. inbreeding
- The entire Nucleus program was the result of inbreeding.
26. moderator
- I'm a moderator, not an advocate.
27. farewell
- Consider it my farewell dinner.就当我的散伙饭吧.
28. malfeasance
- His legal team would uncover our malfeasance.
29. auntie
- My auntie and uncle are coming to visit.
30. receptionist
- Do I have to pull the receptionist in here?

### 3
1. skipper
- You wanted to see me, skipper?- I did indeed.
2. towel(毛巾)
3. witch
- you're a white witch.
4. dispensary
- I went to the dispensary.
5. sentinel/sentry
6. coup
- This is a coup.政变.
7. histogram
8. restitution
- They are demanding the restitution of ancient treasures that were removed from the country in the 16th century.
- make full restitution 赔偿完全款.
9. plaintiff(原告)/defendant
10. rapport
- You and I have never really much of  a rapport, have we?
11. felony
- 4 imployees that conspired to commit felony fraud.
12. hallway
- This is not even a room . This is a hallway. 过道.
13. shuttle
- There's a shuttle stop on the ground level.一楼有摆渡车站.
14. peanut(a very small amount of money)
- This deal is peanuts.The platform could be worth a thousand times what the box is worth.
15. wheelhouse
- I've organized a lot of estate sale, so this is my wheelhouse.
16. mettle
- He's shown mettle.
17. plumage
- maybe now I'll fan out my plumage.褪下我的面具.
18. repercussion
- So, in other words, we have the right to terminate any of those people with no repercussions whatsoever.
- Mrs.Bruce said that not doing homework would have serious repercussions.
19. solidarity
- Thank you for the solidarity by the way.谢谢你们的团结.
20. badge
- employee badge 工牌.
21. tub
- That's my popcorn.You have seven tubs(桶) of it.
22. recourse
- You have no recourse.
23. stairwell
- There are 16 stairwells.
24. ebb
- ebb and flow
- We have come to a permanent ebb.
25. deck
- That means we have to rewrite our entire deck.
26. inroads
- I made some major inroads with John.
27. tampon
28. selfie
29. neutrality
- the fundamental neutrality of the Hooli-Search algorithm.
30. misstep
- A misstep of that magnitude, there is no excuse.

### 4
1. moonshot
- You were all brought here to generate moonshots.
2. sycophant
3. stunt 特技
4. vibe
- I'm catching kind of a vibe.
- I met this guy at corporate last week, and we were just digging each other's vibe.
5. essence
- time is of the essence. 时间至关重要.
6. impropriety
- sexual impropriety
7. composure
- She never loses her composure.
- regain my composure
- you lost your composure and ruined our entire case.
8. clawback
9. pamphlet
10. vengeance
11. audacity
- take revenge show that you have the audacity and the boldness to take revenge on their interviewer.
12. debut
13. mural
14. gunk
- Hey! Make sure to clean off all the gunk off the front bumper, ok.
15. incidence
- Our annual individual performance reviews showed a 20 percent incidence of sub-standard work.So essentially , one out of every five Hooli team members deserve to be fired.
- a disease with an incidence of one in 100,000.
- an increased incidence of cancer near nuclear power stations
16. coincidence
17. shocker
18. workaround
- The software still has a few glitches but we've come up with a workaround.
19. backstabbing
- He accused his boss of dirty tricks and backstabbing.(U)
- backstabbing colleagues
20. oversight
- It was just an oversight.
21. iconoclast/iconoclastic(adj)
- Besides, I'm wearing sandals so I am iconoclasting a little bit.
22. overheard
23. countertop
24. fountains
- Are there any water fountains in your office?
25. sweat
- It's not magic, it's talent and sweat.
26. camaraderie
- The camaraderie is quite apparent.
27. grand
- 600 grand a year.
28. rollout
29. paradigm
- Video compression is a completely different paradigm.
30. atrocity
- These people are guilty of acts of appalling atrocity.

### 5
1. tremor
- There was a slight tremor in her voice.
2. ritual
- shutdown ritual
3. cradle
- Silicon Valley is the cradle of innovation.
4. prophecy
- Thinking small is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
5. quin tes sence/quintessential(perfect example)
6. sketch
7. triplet
- I think this might be more efficient solution than checking every triplet of numbers in disarray.
8. disarray
9. oxymoron
- The phrase “cruel kindness” is an oxymoron.
10. playoff
11. heist
12. bomb
13. squad
- a rescue squad
14. cadaver
15. custody
16. ordeal
- This lawsuit is going to be a protracted and time-consuming ordeal.
17. sideshow
- Their disagreement is just a political sideshow when compared to the real issues at hand.
18. checkmate
- The challenger checkmated the champion and won the tournament.
19. stalemate
- The budget debate ended in a stalemate.
20. tidings(news)
- good/glad tidings
21. scourge
- With these bottles, We eliminate the need for plastic water bottles, Which are the scourge of the environment.


21. flattery
22. smokescreen
26. hassle
- It took me an extra 15 minutes to get across the border. Major hassle.
27. funnel
17. snot
- She's just full of snot.
14. deductible
- You're covering his deductible? 你也付他自费的一部分吗?
11. funeral
- funeral expenses.
7. wreck
- If u get into a wreck the insurance company will help you cover your losses.
22. nosebleed
- get a nosebleed in front of anyone.
9. mutiny
- I risk having a mutiny on my hands.
- A mutiny forming in the warehouse right now.
17. caveat
- All of this with the caveat that you don't have enough money for even a minuscule ad buy.
16. sentiment
- I agree with this sentiment, to a point. The biggest problem with only working 9-5 and never putting any time in on your own to learn new technologies is that your skills will become stale.
17. crotch
18. torment
- the reason these movies are so popular Is the element of psychological torment.
28. rigor
- You go through the rigors of due diligence.
25. compensation
- Milestone-based compensation can be especially helpful for aligning incentives.
- If you're unhappy with your compensation,maybe you should take it up with HR.
23. wiggle
- wiggle room
- Some elements have a lot of wiggle-room.
22. stipulation
- The only stipulation is that you have to register.
21. payout
- With this insurance policy there is a maximum payout of €2,500.
20. inbound
19. traction
- A few years ago, I started a company with a few friends that ultimately produced 3 distinct products that each achieved impressive traction.
8. bevy
- they come away feeling grilled or discouraged after trying to answer a bevy of questions.
9. stumble
- The entirety of their recent stumbles.
- Your recruiter can be your biggest advocate, even pushing to re-interview you if you stumbled on your first interview.
14. prerequisite
- While it's not a prerequisite to be a Mac user, you should at least be familiar with the system.
17. cardinal: one two three four five. ordinal: first, second,third, fourth, fifth.
23. overhead
- The reason is hash table has some overhead in maintaining its property.
- Her company has very little overhead.
13. autopsy
- The vet's doing an autopsy.
- Her autopsy report says that her heart weighted 360 grams.
16. multitude
- This case has raised a multitude of questions.
19. heroin/fentanyl
- There are so much heroin and fentanyl on the streets these days.
20. overdose
- She died from a cocaine overdose.
22. cookout
- She had been hosting a cookout for friends.
26. grudge
- I was still holding a grudge about it.
27. delight
- The toy delighted the children.
- His expression when he saw the baby was one of pure delight. [=joy]
2. quote
- He began his speech by quoting Shakespeare.
- u can get quotes online or over the phone very quickly from dozens of competitors.
3. colossal
- They were asking a colossal amount of money for the house.
- It was a colossal waste of time.
7. precinct
- If you call 911 or your local precinct and bring in a neutral third party to document the accident, you’ll be doing yourself a favor.
9. suite
16. numerator/denominator.分子/分母
27. spectre/specter
26. sperm
- sperm patty
18. nightgown
13. duress
- He gave the information under duress.
12. impediment
-  a speech impediment
25. charcoal
5. acquisition
- the acquisition of knowledge
7. gut
- At the end of the interview, the interviewer will walk away with a gut feel for how you did.
- He knew he had to trust his gut(instincts) and do what felt right.
- And i'm going to go with my gut, and that's ryan.
12. randomness.
- pure randomness.
13. upsurge
- an upsurge of anger
- a recent upsurge in crime
14. slant
- Left of upright slant.左上方倾斜.
29. disposal
- at sb's disposal
- They should have that tool(hash table) at their disposal.
13. epic(史诗)
16. retention
- the recruitment and retention of good employees
17. manifesto
19. severance
- severance package
- we'll give you enough severance to cover you to your next job.
28. pajamas
0. jaw. 下巴.mower.
2. freight
5. laminate
18. rest
- You bring these bags in, and I'll bring the rest. [=the remainder]
- I need a rest. [=break]
20. niche
- She finally found her niche as a teacher.
23. timescale
28. rampage/rogue
- The quick story is that Google Chrome Helper isn't really the problem. It tends to go on the rampage when there's a rogue extension or when Google Chrome’s plug-in settings are configured to run everything by default.
2. behemoth
- When google launched Gmail in 2004, the company wasn't quite the all conquering data-gathering behemoth we know today.
3. ploy
- But Google cleverly turned a problem into a marketing ploy.
5. diversion
- For anyone needing  diversion on the bus, train or in the office, a Fb quiz-usually put together by a third party- is often the first port of call.
20. gutter
22. jive
23. litter
5. savagery
3. chastity
- In general, they were just much less obsessed with female chastity than europeans were.
1. taboo
- Sex is a taboo subject for many people.
- In this company, dating a coworker is considered taboo.
29. critique
26. ingenuity
- ingenuity and creativity.
- Man first landed on the moon in 1969. It was an amazing feat of human ingenuity.
24. lump
- Look at that lion! It’s eating a huge lump of meat.
- Like signing bonuses, stock compensation between companies can be compared by amortizing it over three years and then lumping that value into salary.
8. arena
- The business-to-business market is different from the B2C arena and often requires a different approach to growth hacking.
24. labyrinth
22. jackpot
- It was kind of hitting the jackpot for him at that age.
9. cathedral
7. galleon
- The Spanish wanted to colonize Florida to set up military bases to thwart the pirates who preyed on silver-laden Spanish galleons coming out of Mexico.
12. servitude
-  penal servitude
13. captivity
- Big Cats in Captivity
19. metaphor/metaphorical
- By making a metaphorical comparison between a complex problem and a recognisable situation, other people can understand what’s meant right away.
22. cruelty
7. conundrum
- He is faced with the conundrum of trying to find a job without having experience.
8. kludge/kludgy:awkwardly or inelegantly made or done.
12. jeopardy
- His laziness caused the company to perform badly last quarter. Moreover, his attitude toward the board has put his job in jeopardy.
14. referendum
- The issue was decided by referendum.
15. scrutiny
- Her opinion is based on a careful scrutiny of the text.
19. statehood
- California was 60 years away from statehood when the Constitution was signed, for instance.
28. degradation
- without degradation
- environmental degradation
2. rubric(category)
- the rubrics at the beginning of the chapters are intended to be humorous
5. peril/perilous
- People are unaware of the peril these miners face each day.
-  Of course, the service now has to deal with all the perils of denormalization such as data inconsistency.
- If you are in a perilous visa situation, you also have to solve for that at the same time, unfortunately.
12. opacity
- Critics have noted the opacity of her writing style.
13. wonder
- It has made wonders for me.
16. ailment
- There's all sorts of odd ailments that hit in the 40's because evolution.
18. cardio
- YOu can get it whenever you want. Still it helps with the cardio.
23. paradise
- Welcome to the paradise where you can pick any type of fonts that you would want.
24. hodgepodge
- the exhibit was a hodgepodge of mediocre art, bad art, and really bad art
26. crunch
- 4 Reasons Why You Should Not Do Crunches
- I think we're going to have to crunch our burn-rate again.
- to calculate numbers or process information
- The project seems worthwhile, but you have to crunch the numbers to see if it’s affordable.
30. autograph:a signature, especially that of a celebrity written as a memento for an admirer.
- autograph is for celebrity, signature is for normal people.
17. libido
- Your libido will drop , and finally you can get five minutes of peace and quiet without thinking about sex all the time.
6. abomination
- you are much better off auditing a couple of sloppy 300-line changelist than a single 600-line abomination.
- Some people view the sculpture as art while others see it as an abomination.
15. slog
- Wildland firefighter training starts with a wet slog.
- It will be a long, hard slog before everything is back to normal.
- Why did mine turn into a three-week slog through passive-aggressive much while Bob's was a two-day breeze?
18. sake(The sake of something is the reason for doing it.)
- The parents worked hard for their children's sake.
- Please do it for her sake. [=do it for her; do it to help her]
20. affront
- I took it as an affront,
- A lie is an affront to the soul, as well as an insult to the intelligence of the person to whom one lies.
3. stapler
- Hand me that stapler , then fetch me a soda.
6.  guillotine
- shinier guillotine
9. gut
- Tools will come and go,but your brain and your gut will be here with you for the rest of your life.
10. periphery
- A "Boundary Class" is a class that lies on the periphery of a system, but within it.
- As the kids walked around the periphery, they were invited to pluck a few mint leaves and have a nibble.
13. nil
- COS displays an error message if the user’s order history is nil.
28. stalemate/stale(adj)
- He immediately recognized the situation for what it was : a stalemate.
12. euphemism
- This was a common enough occurrence at Google that there was euphemism for it a defrag.
13. momentum/morale
- Stuff that you don't like is a painful drag on morale and momentum.
18. stimulant
- stimulant abuse.
- the relaxed zoning regulations should serve as a stimulant for development in the area
21. stamina
- Beeween interruptions like meetings and emails, the time you have available to focus on code is scarce.Your mental stamina is even shorter supply.
- Vegetarian items to boost your stamina.
- Grit is having stamina.
17. willpower
- I don't have much willpower when it comes to sweet things, so I mostly just try to keep junk foot out of the house.
27. sarcasm
- a voice full of sarcasm
21. handover
- I will handover the final homework#2 document by tomorrow.........can you build table of contents?
- the police officer ordered the suspect to hand over his weapons
11. slayings 凶杀案.
5. lunatic/lunatics(plural)
- People are lunatics about smoking here.
23. debt
- He is trying to pay off gambling debts.
4. overkill
- Now it's definitely overkill for this course but I wanted to make you aware that they exist.
- This might seem like overkill.
2. leeway
- Are employees held to the same standards as typical candidates?Essentially yes, although there is a bit more leeway.
- They give their students leeway to try new things.
- The fault-tolerance expert is given some leeway in not satisfying all the architectural drivers.
1. buzzword
- Although the underlying concepts aren’t new, Microservice is one of the biggest buzzword of the two last years.
23. mustache
13. rundown
- I need a rundown of your clients.
- They gave us a rundown on the main points of the news.(an item-by-item report or review : summary)
11. nuance, pl:nuances
- Nuances of flavor and fragrance cannot be described accurately.
- He listened to the subtle nuances in the song.
10. squiggle
- His handwriting looks like a bunch of squiggles.
- a pediatrician's waiting room full of squiggling toddlers
9. vernacular(the language of ordinary speech rather than formal writing)
- writes essays in a very easy-to-read, vernacular style
- this can teach you the vernacular we use in other parts of product to make thing make sense.
3. overhype.
- "You think the media is overhyping?" —Don Lemon
8. dividend(div·i·dend)
- Profits are distributed to shareholders as dividends.
10. hazard(s)(haz·ard)
- the tumbledown old barn was considered a fire hazard.
- She is a hazard to the other people of the office.
13. forte
- Public speaking isn’t your forte.
15. drill:instruction or training in military exercises.
- Every fall semester and every spring semester we conduct campus-wide evacuation drills.
21. roster(ros·ter)
- His name has been added to the team roster.
- The team has a roster of 40 players.
22. oddity(odd·i·ty)
- Her shyness makes her a bit of an oddity in the business world.
3. cadence
- a much quicker cadence of application development.
- the steady cadence of the drums
- the microservices approach enables a much quicker cadence of application development.
4. bloat.
- big, bloated monolithic applications.
- Nasty Culprits of Belly Bloat
5. afterthought
- Creating and maintaining service contracts is a difficult task that should not be taken lightly or treated as an afterthought.
7. showstopper.
- The issues identified in this chapter are complex, but they certainly aren’t showstoppers.
15. tenet
- Component sharing is one of the core tenets of SOA.
20. superstition
- It is a common superstition that a black cat crossing your path is bad luck.
8. contempt
- He feels that wealthy people view him with contempt because he is poor.
14. dysfunction/dysfunctional.
- family dysfunction
- He hated spending holidays with his girlfriend's dysfunctional family.
16. sentiment
21. idiom/idiomatic
22. friction
- Oil in a car engine reduces friction.
19. homage.
- It was nice to pay homage to him.
22. hurdle
- There are four hurdles to jump.
- Look for questions with multiple hurdles.
1. monotone
- She spoke in a monotone voice.
5. uptime
- We need to maximize network uptime.
6. agenda
- There are several items on the agenda for tonight's meeting.
9. ensemble.
- in the ensemble
- We went to listen to a new jazz ensemble.
11. atomicity
- A very simple consistency requirement is that of failure atomicity.
- The application either terminates normally, producing the intended results, or is aborted, producing no results at all.
12. connotation
- For many people, the word “fat” has negative connotations.
15. perception
- The show started off making fun of the goofy grandiosity of the tech industry, but the current perception of Silicon Valley is more critical.
2. collateral
- Invention requires not having to live with the collateral damage of failed experiments.
5. deferral/deferment/postponement
- Two dozen other states permit tax deferrals, according to the report.
- She requested a six-month deferment on her loan.
20. prank. n. 恶作剧.
- John pranking me.
21. rote.
- Rote learning. 死记硬背的学习.
- rote activity.
22. hypothesis.假设.
- Other chemists rejected his hypothesis.
8. exigency
- the exigencies requiring snap decisions that traders on the stock exchange face every day
9. proposition.
- a detailed investment proposition
- He made an attractive business proposition.
13. liability
- your assets and liabilities. 你的资产和债务.
- The company is trying to limit its liability in this case.
19. lodging/lodge
- they found a cheap lodging in a backstreet
- Several employees have lodged a complaint against you.
- I'd like to lodge a complaint.
21. amalgam
- The layered pattern can be seen as the amalgam of several tactics
- an amalgam of musical forms
25. magnitude.
-  a much smaller magnitude.
- If one appreciated a gift of such magnitude, then one would put up more of a fight before returning it.
5. drudgery
- Use a tool—automation eliminates drudgery
8. omission
- There are a few omissions in the list.
- Her omission from the team was surprising.
9. mnemonic
- To distinguish "principal" from "principle" use the mnemonic aid "the principal is your pal."
14. conduit(channel)
- The Analyst Role:Principal conduit between customer/user and developers
- water flowed along the conduit to the fountain
26. jurisdiction
- federal courts had no jurisdiction over the case
- His attorney claimed the court lacked jurisdiction in this matter.
30. commonality/commonalities(pl)
- a commonality of interest ensures cooperation
- one commonality between the two very different women is their passion for charity work
4. variant
- A new variant of the disease has appeared.
6. granddaddy
- the granddaddy of all English mystery novels
7. inkling
- the records give us an inkling of how people saw the world
- Some things are universal about being a teenager: The budding sexuality and sense of identity, the dramatic emotions, the profound need for acceptance and confusing inklings of first love.
20. minutia/minutiae(pl)
- He was bewildered by the contract's minutiae.
22. punctuation
24. precedent
- behavior that may be explained by a precedent event in her troubled life
25. malware
- Additionally, the administration alerted the public that Russia is targeting the U.S. energy grid with computer malware that could sabotage the systems.
3. landmark.
- In the landmark book The Mythical Man-Month.
5. backbone
- She is the backbone of the family.
- He showed some backbone by refusing to compromise his values.
7. vigilance/vigilant(adj)
- Constant vigilance is the only possible response to the terrifying Rise of The Machines.
- Her group studied 27 subjects during four hours of simulated driving and found vigilance decreased in about 21 minutes on average.
12. aplomb
- He showed great aplomb in dealing with the reporters.
- you've handled a difficult situation with perfect aplomb
13. sanity
- The sanity of the decision was never in question.
15. outlay.
- direct outlay
- But the costs of the conflict could go far beyond the hefty financial outlays .
25. conjecture
- conjectures about the newcomer were many and varied
- Most of the book is conjecture, not fact.
7. concurrence
- The concurrence of heavy rain and strong winds delayed the plane's departure.
- looked for some sign of concurrence among the delegates to the conference
8. ledger
9. equity
- I could even take less salary and more equity.
- I should get more equity than Dinesh.
- In making these decisions we should be governed by the principle of equity.
13. preliminary
- a meeting to discuss seating arrangements that was merely a preliminary to the formal negotiating sessions
20. practicality(suitability)
- The size of the machine makes me doubt its practicality [=suitability] for use in the home.
21. wizard
- He is a wizard at math.
- A web site can have novice users, and a wizard makes complex tasks seem easy
25. novelty
- a novelty teapot
- Electric-powered cars are still novelties.
2. ramp
- a wheelchair ramp
5. spiral
13. anomaly
- her C grade is an anomaly, as she's never made anything except A's and B's before
14. fidelity
- Marriage is still glamorous and still thought to include, as an aspiration, lifelong sexual fidelity .
- they have never wavered in their fidelity to the cause of freedom
27. omission
- There are a few omissions in the list.
28. molecule
- There is not a molecule of evidence to support these charges.
29. schematics
- a schematic diagram of their business model
1. discrepancy
- there's a discrepancy between your account and his
- Discrepancies in the firm's financial statements led to an investigation.
2. plagiarism
- The student has been accused of plagiarism.
3. expulsion
- The government engaged in mass expulsions.
7. preparedness
- The military is in a state of preparedness.
9. disclosure/closure
- non-disclosure agreement.保密协议
- We demand full disclosure of the facts.
- no closure. 没有结局.
- The government forced the closure of the factory.
- It is an attempt to speed the process along so we can bring it to closure .
10. provision
- That was the provision.条款就是这么说的.
11. surveillance
- you're doing email surveillance.
- The bank robbery was recorded by surveillance video cameras.
2. inception
- Since inception , the people in the group have taken their task most seriously.
- We'll assist you at every stage from inception to completion.
4. continuum
- a state program that aims to provide a continuum of care for low-income residents facing addiction.
15. invective
- an overbearing, bullying boss who is fond of sending invective e-mails to long-suffering assistants
18. courtesy
- They treated us with courtesy and kindness.
20. logistics
- logistics teams
- the logistics of a political campaign]
28. parallelism
1. consensus
- There is a lack of consensus among the citizens.
- We tried to get a consensus of opinion and it proved to be easier than I thought.
15. synergy
- synergy!双赢.
- good teamwork creates synergy.
- A synergy has developed among the different groups working on this project.
20. ramification(consequences)
- The early design decisions constrain the decisions that follow, and changing these decisions has enormous ramifications.
- They discussed the possible ramifications [=consequences] of the new treaty.
28. synopsis
- synopsis outline
- I don't need to know every little plot twist; just give me a synopsis of the movie.
1. jitter
- The jitter of the response
- Do you know the best way to calm your pre-interview jitters?
5. bonus.
- And, as an extra added bonus , he can actually do the job.
11. regiment
20. purview
- The case is within the court's purview.
- That question is outside my purview.
2. autonomy
- a teacher who encourages individual autonomy
- The territory has been granted autonomy.
17. distaste
- He found the subject of their conversation very distasteful.
14. curveball
- Throw you a curveball like this.
29. arbitrage
- suppose you are given a set of exchange rates among currencies and you want to determine if an arbitrage exists
7. syndicate
- The company is owned by a syndicate of investors.
27. poise
- reparation is the key to a great interview and with practice, you will be able to answer some of the most commonly asked questions with poise and insight.
9. puncture
4. spray
- respray car
5. rancor
- Can we settle this disagreement without rancor?
14. impetus
22. baloney(nonsense)
- That's a bunch of baloney if you ask me.
13. phrase
- I was confused by your phrasing.
14. sleaze/sleazebag
- an article exposing more Wall Street sleaze
20. etiquette
26. heresy
- Because the teacher’s educational strategies were different from those of her peers, her ideas were considered to be heresy.
11. kitsch
19. discretion
23. interpretation/interpretive
- We could write a strongly-Worded letter.Words will never be enough.Strongly-Painted picture.
- No, pictures are too interpretive.
8. remedy/remediation
- a remedy for fever.
11. dispensation
- The couple have requested (a) special dispensation from the Church to allow them to marry.
3. adherence
- He was noted for his strict adherence to the rules.
16. empathy
- Customer empathy.
27. retribution
- The killer acted without fear of retribution.
14. vanity
- I'm dissolving this committee.What? Come on, this is a work place.It isn't designed for your vanity.
27. disservice
- Calling him a liar does him a great disservice.
30. ultimatum
- He gave her an ultimatum - she could either stop seeing Peter and come back to him or it was divorce.
6. grief
- I'm in grief.
30. predicament
- Ryan was in a predicament when he realized he hadn't studied.
12. reconciliation
- It took hours of negotiations to bring about a reconciliation between the two sides.