### 1
1. tip-off
- We were tipped off about a possible narcotic situation.
2. fly under (the/someone's) radar
- Dan was well liked but flew under most people's radar.
3. chew sb out
- I knew my ass was going to get chewed out for that.
4. pick on someone
- I don't understand why you keep picking on me.
5. flesh out something(to add more detail when describing or explaining something)
- flesh out the features.
6. catch/get sb's drift(to understand the general meaning of what someone is saying)
7. swear off sth(to make a decision to stop doing, using, or being involved with something harmful, such as drugs or alcohol, or something that is not good or helpful)
- After years of addiction, he swore off drugs completely.
8. fix sb up(to provide someone with something that they need;  to find a romantic partner for someone)
- Jacques tried to fix me up with his older sister.
- Can he fix us up with somewhere to stay?
9. plough into sth/sb
10. throw (sth) up
- Pam is constantly throwing up because of the pregnancy.
11. sign off
12. sign off on
13. back down/back off
14. strip sb/sth of sth
- Instead Shove down,please.Instead, what I think we should to is strip you of your title as safety officer.
15. crop up(to come or appear when not expected)
- Now problems crop up every day.
16. stress sb out
17. on the lam
- The robbers were on the lam for several days before they were caught.
18. blow over
- I thought that after a few days the argument would blow over.
19. hold up someone/something
- Traffic was held up for several hours by the accident.
- Sorry to hold you up – my train was late.
- There are a lot of people graduating so don't hold up the ceremony by taking a selfie on stage.
20. kick in
- It takes half an hour for the medication to kick in.
21. give out
- Legs are sort of giving out.
22. cough sth up
- Doctors were worried when she started to cough up blood.
23. clam up
- When i get nervous i sort of clam up and-- Oh,well,that's fine.
- It's better for me just to be quiet.
24. flunk out
- I remember in high school, My math teacher told me i was gonna flunk out, And know whai did? The very next day, i went out, And i scored more goals than anyone In the history of the hockey team.See what i mean? I thrive on this.I thrive on it.
25. siphon off something
- It is no secret that Michael Scott has siphoned off a largchunk of our core business.
26. tip (sth/sb) over
27. up for sth(intended, suggested, or being considered for something)
- That house at the end of our road is up for sale again.
- I am well up for going out tonight.
28. run into(find by chance)
- I ran into my old high school teacher last night.
29. to take after something(to resemble)
- I take after my mother.(I resemble my mother).
- Who do you take after? 你长的像谁? oh, I take after my father.
30. trun on/off.
- She turns me off.(I don't find them attractive)

### 2
1. get away(with something)(escape blame)
- I got away with cheating on the exam.
- How did you get away with it?(你怎么逃脱的?)
2. put up (with something)(to tolerate)
- Ok,I'm putting up with you.
- you don't have to put up with me if you don't want to hang out with me.
3. to check something off my bucket list.
4. give in
5. shake down someone
- Let him know that you are not kind of guy that he can shake down.
6. go easy on someone
7. rule out something
- i think a triathlon is pretty much something i can rule out.
8. slack off
- I only slack off when things are good.
9. creep out
- You're creeping me out.
10. bump sb up
- Jim,I bumped you up because I thought you could make my life easier.
11. iron sth out/iron out sth(to find a solution to (something): to fix or correct (sth))
- I ironed out our customer acquisition strategy.
12. max out
- The air conditioner was maxed out, but it still felt hot in the car.
13. defer to (someone) : to allow (someone else) to decide or choose something
- You have more experience with this, so I'm going to defer to you.
14. crack up(to become mentally ill)
- Making me crack up.
15. aside from
- Money continues to be a problem but aside from that we're all well.
- I hardly watch any television, aside from news and current affairs.
16. shake up(an important change or series of changes in the way a company or other organization is organized or run)
- It won the 1990 elections, and immediately carried out a radical shake-up of the country's welfare system by creating the first ‘post-welfarist’ society.
17. be better off:be in a better position, especially in financial terms.
- Oh, honey, you're better off without him.
- As a computer programmer, you're better off moving to a city that's home to a lot of tech companies.
18. hash sth out
19. pan out
- Did you get that car you were talking about? No. It didn't pan out. What happened?The guy was asking too much.
