### 1
1. holier-than-thou
2. dilly-dally
- We need to stop dillydallying.
3. one-off
- Will you be doing more talks in the future or was that just a one-off?
4. bear fruit
- Eventually her efforts bore fruit and she got the job she wanted.
5. boob job
- She plans to have a boob job.
6. The ayes have it (= the people who voted "yes" have won).
7. on the fritz
- I think that thing is on the fritz.
8. time and a half
- Controllers are paid time and a half when they work overtime.
9. screw-up
- Here's the thing. When a company screws up, best thing to do is to call a press conference.
10. frustration-free
11. cross-country
- cross-country skis
12. one step at a time
13. per annum
- The country exports goods worth $600 million per annum.
14. start over
15. cut to the chase
- Let me just cut to the chase.
16. take a/the fall for sb
- You called me and you were really angry at me and I got scared, so I had Dwight take the fall, but now it turns out that it's a great idea, and Dwight will not confess.
- You cannot take the fall for him.
17. vouch for sth/sb
18. groove on (someone or something)(To have a strong interest in someone or something)
- I was totally grooving on him, and vice-versa.
19. single sb/sth out
20. mess with sb
21. bounce sth off sb
22. get (or start) off on the right (or wrong) foot
- All right, Charles, I got to be honest, I think we really got off on the wrong foot here.
23. pull the rug (out) from under (someone)
24. after you
25. trick-or-treaters
26. bare-bones
- I don't need all the details - just give me the bare bones.
27. be the butt of sb's jokes
- I'm not usually the butt of the joke.
28. when push comes to shove
- Listen, jim, no offense, but when push comes to shove, what I want is more important than what you want.
29. flare-up
- hey,guys,my irritable bowel syndrome is flaring up.
30. hands down
- I've made some empty promises in my life, but hands down,that was the most generous.

### 2
1. out-of-pocket
