### 2
An index makes reading faster and improves query performance.
Slow queries are one the most common causes of poor performance.
An index is an ordered representation of the indexed data.
Searching in an ordered data is a lot more efficient than searching in an unordered data.
B-Tree.it is a balanced tree. the leaf nodes will always be at the same level. The leaf nodes also form what’s called a doubly linked list.If we don’t have a doubly linked list we would have to go back up the tree find the next leaf node.By having the doubly linked list we can scan through them sequentially without having to go back up the tree every time.
An index only contains the values of the columns you actually put the index on.
Indexing make reading faster but writing slower.
We want have as many indices as necessary but as few as possible.

Where cannot be used with aggregates whereas Having can.
Where clause filters row before aggregate calculations are performed whereas Having clause filters rows after aggregate calculations are performed.

Semaphore:Eg:limit the max # of threads accessing database.
Mutex:Mutually exclusive resource access. A special case of Semaphore with max thread of 1.

monolithic
1) they are flexible . they cannot be built using different technologies.
2) They are unreliable. even if one feature of the system does no work then the entire system will not work
3) these monolithic applications are not scalable they cannot be easily scaled and even if the application needs to be updated then the complete system has to be rebuilt.
4) block continuous development. all the features cannot be built and deployed at the same time they will have to be done separately.
5) the development is very slow .
6) they are not fit for complex architecture .you cannot use different technologies you’re very limited and very constrained.

Path compression,Union-by-rank
We don’t have to traverse a sequence of other nodes.
Disjoint set is data structure which supports 3 operations makeSet, union and findSet.makeSet is an operation to create a set with only one element in there.Union is operation to take 2 different sets and merge them into 1 set.findSet is an operation to return an identification of a set which is usually an element in a set which acts as a representative of that set.

### 1
Both optimistic and pessimistic locking mechanisms determine how the transactions in our application access the underlying data in the database. Optimistic locking means a specific record in the database table is open for all the user sessions or transactions. While using optimistic locking will not be locking any of the database records instead every time the transaction reads some data it will also read the version number or timestamp.
These are two columns that we add to each and every table in our database.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxGKvqHhU5c

check unchecked exception
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWQbHE0lC2I

Pointers - Variables that store address of another variable.
Mutex is an object owned by thread.So there is an ownership in mutex.Mutex allow only one thread to access resource.

Semaphore is a signaling mechanism. It allows a number of thread to access shared resources.

Mutex is a synchronization mechanism that allows two separate threads to operate on a common shared resource by mutually allowing a single thread to operate shared resource at a time.

We can use a mutex to protect a common resource that would be sharing between two separate threads.

It’s a global variable so it can be used by  either of the threads.

If it is a binary semaphore which means you can only have the value of 0 or 1 then that is almost equivalent to using a mutex.

You can use a binary semaphore or mutex interchangeably in most cases.

Condition variables: used to wait for a particular condition to become true

There are 3 ways a company can store your password: they store it in plain text,use encryption on it or use a hash function.

Take the passwords of the users and before your store them - encrypt them with an encryption key.Encryption is designed to work in two ways: you can encrypt a user’s passwords to keep it safe but you can also decrypt it to reveal the password again.

Hash functions take an input, that could be a piece of text like your password or it could be a file and turns that into a string of text that always has the same length.

There are many different hash functions available but here is what SHA3 hash of “hello”.
Hash functions are very different from encryption because they only work in 1 way. You can calculate the hash of a password but you cannot take a hash and turn it back into the original data.

We can add what’s called a salt to the password before we hash it.The salt is just some random data but it ensures that the hash of your password will always be unique, even if others are using the same password.

HashCode’s are used in Hashing to decide which group(or bucket) an object should be placed into.

A method having the same name as another method but having different parameters is called an overloaded method.
Creating a Sub Class with same signature as that of a method in SuperClass is called Method overriding.

What is an Interface?
An interface defines a contract for responsibilities (methods) of class.
Both abstract  class and interface is used to achieve the abstraction.Abstraction is one of the important concept of OOP and it is available in most of the programming languages.
Abstract method means only prototype only method declaration no method body.
Hide implementation logic and implementation logic will be defined by the respective child class.
Abstraction means hiding the implementation logic.
20% feature you want to hide in that case you can use abstract classes but the full hundred percent feature you want to hide or implementation you want to hide and the respective child classes should do that in that case you have to use interfaces.

Polymorphism is defined as “Same Code” giving “Different Behavior”.
### 6
SOA is built on the concept of a share-as-much-as possible architecture style, where as micro services architecture is built on the concept of a  share-as-little-as-possible.
SOA is well-suited for large, complex, enterprise-wide systems that require integration with many heterogeneous applications and services.
Always select a minimum cost edge but if it is forming a cycle discard that edge.
I try to keep a healthy attitude of being proactive rather than reactive.

### 5
No two queens are under attack.
Our choice is going to be at each stage do I open a bracket or do I close a bracket.
I cannot close a bracket that has not been opened.
The z coordinate (i.e. the altitude) is the only coordinate that matters.
The calculate manually the solution for the example.
generalize the approach they used to an algorithm.
Think of the net impact on the energy stored in the drone each time the drone crosses the starting altitude - either from above or from below.
In the end, most energy gains and losses cancel each out due to these crosses.
P actually stands for the maximum entries I can have in my path list
String decomposition
Decompose a string
We need to validate every single string in that decomposition to check if it’s a palindrome.
What is the worst case? The worst case we can have is n repetitions.
For generalisation purpose I’m using a map.
Another reason why trie outperforms hash table, is that as hash table increases in size, there are lots of hash collisions and the search time complexity could deteriorate to O(n), where n is the number of keys inserted.
strictly monotonically increasing sequence
The product of 6 and 3 is 18.
So say we have this 2-3 tree here and we want to search for whether or not H is one of the keys in the tree.
Compare the search key against the key or keys in the node.
Can I also assume that we are only dealing with certain  types of parenthesis ?
clockwise
counter clockwise
We scan the input string str from left to right while maintaining two indices - headIndex and tailIndex.
Once we found a valid substring, we increment leftIndex as long the substring remains valid.
At every increment we also check if the current valid substring is shorter than the previously kept one. If it is, we update result to be the current substring.
Are they all lower cases or not?
t[i][j] is indicating that is the substring in the string from 0 till i and the substring in pattern 0 to j are they a match or not.
Then we will check excluding i and j is the  rest of the substring are a match or not.
A program  cannot be built unless all its dependencies are first built.
A topological ordering is an ordering of the nodes in a directed graph where for each directed edge from node A to node B, node A appears before node. B in the ordering.
DP is the process of solving easier-to-solve sub-problems and building up the answer from that.
Time taken is proportional to a number of nodes in the tree.
Prime now is a local delivery service.
once everything is bagged and labeled, it's handed off.
A delivery person travels on foot, by subway or by truck depending on the distance.
It took our delivery 15 minutes to travel from the warehouse to our office.
Micro-services is the idea that you have many different services that each do a single task.
A program is CPU bound if it would go faster if the CPU were faster, i.e. it spends the majority of its time simply using the CPU (doing calculations).
A program is I/O bound if it would go faster if the I/O subsystem was faster. Which exact I/O system is meant can vary; I typically associate it with disk, but of course networking or communication in general is common too. A program that looks through a huge file for some data might become I/O bound, since the bottleneck is then the reading of the data from disk (actually, this example is perhaps kind of old-fashioned these days with hundreds of MB/s coming in from SSDs).

What is a priority queue?Priority queue is an abstract data type that operates similar to a normal queue except for the fact that every element has a certain priority. So elements with a higher priority come out of the priority queue first.PQ only support elements that are comparable.

overlapping subproblems,optimal substructure

we will be using comparator in 2 situation. the first situation is what if you got a class and this class is not implementing any interface.the second situation is when you want to change the logic or when you want to change the ways it sorts the value.

Since tree is not null, we omit the if statement.

Iterative algorithm is basically not going to be bound by stack space but actual memory size which will be like as much RAM as you’ve got.

Time taken is proportional to the number of nodes in the tree.

### 4
It shouldn’t impact your run time?
It doesn’t matter which technology are working with. maybe You’re woking on Java, asp.net.

What actually constitutes an island?
An island is just a bunch of ones that are connected horizontally or vertically.

One represents land and 0 represents   water.

It’s important to note that if the islands are diagonal to each other then that does not mean they are the same island.

A great way to solve this problem is you iterate over your 2d array and every time you encounter a  one you increase your island count. So we’re going to be iterating from left to right from row to row.Once we get to the end down here we should have the total count of islands.

When we encounter a one we immediately need to increase our island count. We don’t want to increase our island count if they’re connected horizontally or vertically because then we’re going to output the wrong number.

The best way to solve this problem is to use a recursive function to actually change these ones right here to zeros change them to water.

We do two things when we encounter a one.
1) Increase our island count.
2) Change any other land connected to zeros.

It’s saying if we go out of bounds if we’re trying to check a position that’s out of bounds of our grid then we don’t even want to continue in this function we want just return immediately out of this recursive call.

left direction right direction upwards direction downwards direction.

Every time we encounter a character one in our grid.
Call a recursive function to change all ones that are connected to zeros.Because we don’t want to increase our island count multiple times for the same island.

Linear scan the 2d grid map, if a node contains a '1', then it is a root node that triggers a Depth First Search. During DFS, every visited node should be set as '0' to mark as visited node. Count the number of root nodes that trigger DFS, this number would be the number of islands since each DFS starting at some root identifies an island.

Do some quick error checking.

The element before the strictly decreasing section is the element that still has options to explore.

Any problem that asks you to generate a bunch of different combinations can often be boiled down to a backtracking problem.

In our recursive calls we’re gonna need a base case and in other words we’re gonna need a place to know when to stop. so we want to stop this recursive function when we have a correct combination.

No leading zeros in each section.

1)Our Choice
What choice do we make at each call of the function?
Recursion expresses decision.
2) Our Constraints.
When do we stop following a certain path?
3) Our goal.
What’s our target?
What are we trying to find?
Make a choice explore undo our choice.
Choose explore un choose This is a very common pattern in backtracking.
Big O is not about a certain value it’s about a behavior of a graph as input scales.

### 3
A stack enforces last in first out.
Run the most frequently occurring task first.The reason for that is because then if you run the most frequently occurring  tasks first we have the best chance of not running into the situation where the CPU has to be idle. So ideally the CPU will be idle as little as possible.if we run the most frequently occurring tasks first we have the best chance of it running again in the shortest time period because we can put all the other tasks between it.

First of all understand how we are going to solve this problem.We can actually divide the problem into four  parts.the first part being going right then going down then going towards the left and then finally going up.All we need to make sure is that once we have printed a row or a column we we do not print it again.we actually print the row or column below or  to the left or the right of it.

your row index is constant but your column index changes.your row index changes because you are printing the same elements of the column.Because I am visiting every element only once.I’m not taking any extra space I’m only visiting every element.

we want to know which node is the successor of a given node in a bst.
The first thing that comes to mind is that I would iterate through this entire array.
I just want to iterate through this array once I don’t want to go back.
If you don’t mind Let me try and transform this logic into actual code.

Whenever I do DP I care about subproblems, remembering the answers to subproblems and things like that.

We cut off the last character.

The first thing that popped up in my mind about solving this problem.

We conclude the brute force attach would work with small triangles but for big ones it just out of the question.

For any given problem you should try out all possible solutions and pick up desired solutions.

Backtracking is used when you have multiple solutions and you want all those solutions.

In a min heap the elements are all smaller than their children so the root node will be the very smallest element and then looking down the tree the elements get bigger and bigger.

K’th Largest Element in BST:
The idea is to do reverse inorder traversal of BST. The reverse inorder traversal traverses all nodes in decreasing order. While doing the traversal, we keep track of  count of nodes visited so far. When the count becomes equal to k, we stop the traversal and print the key.
Our eviction policy is using the least recently used. What is LRU item?
We need? Fast lookups. Fast Removals.
Fast lookups? What data structure can help us with that?

Doubly linked list
Singly linked list

If we use the linear structure like an array for this if we remove an item we need to shift all the elements over.

For linked list we don’t need to shift items.

we’re going to use a doubly linked list backed by a hash table.

Whatever we choose a node understand that a hash table is backing that fast lookup if we didn’t have the hash table we would potentially do all o(n) operations to find an item.

(: regular Parentheses
{: curly Parentheses
[: square Parentheses

When we think about recursion we think about base cases and calling ourselves and all of that.
When we think about backtracking we think about choosing exploring and un-choosing.

How do we keep track of our choices?In an auxiliary string variable.

What data structure the data is coming in?

One way we can do it it is we could go through all years that are potentially possible and look for the years of the highest population.

### 2
What is your management style?
What are the greatest challenges facing the person in this position?
What qualifications would you expect the successful candidate to possess?
Can you tell me about the team that would be working with?
What’s the growth potential for this position?
What are you working on right now ?
I heard about this position form indeed.
I saw this position on LinkedIn.
I spent some time on your website learning about this position and the company.
I was really impressed with your commitment to renewable energy.
To be honest, what really caught my eye was your focus on growth. I was really impressed with your ambitious goals and the clear plan you have for achieving those goals.
I also like the support you provide for your employees.
I would say, My greatest strength is a combination of enthusiasm and persistence.
Imagine you’re looking back on this hiring decision in a year. The person you hired has exceeded your expectations. What did he or she do that impressed you most?
I really appreciate that you’re considering me for the position.
I’d love to be a part of the company achieving its goals.
Sounds good, I look forward to it. Thanks again.

we required clients to provide the maximum capacity of the stack ahead of time.
we should just be able to create a stack and it should be able to grow and shrink to any size.
So how are we going to grow and shrink the array?

That’s easy to code up, but not worth it, because it’s much too expensive to do that.

The well-known technique for doing that, called repeated doubling, is to, when the array fills up, create a new array of twice the size and copy all the item over.

eventually consistent
scale horizontally

I guess maybe potentially the user might research right over and over again and there’s no reason that we should do that computation again.

What a CDN does is it basically puts kind of a buffer between your website and anyone trying to access it.

Normalization is a technique of organizing the data into multiple related tables, to minimize data redundancy.

The value stored in the array will be the total count of combinations for the different amounts. Each location in the array will correlate to an amount of money.So the location six in the array will correlate in the money amount of six. We’re going to iterate through this entire array for each coin given as parameter.

The logic we use to fill the array during each iteration goes as follows.

Redundancy is nothing but repetition of similar data at multiple places.

A full binary tree (sometimes proper binary tree or 2-tree) is a tree in which every node other than the leaves has two children.

A complete binary tree is a binary tree in which every level, except possibly the last, is completely filled, and all nodes are as far left as possible.

Priority Queue: Priority queues can be efficiently implemented using Binary Heap because it supports insert(), delete() and extractmax(), decreaseKey() operations in O(logn) time.
getMini(): It returns the root element of Min Heap. Time Complexity of this operation is O(1).

All trees are acyclic connected graphs.

### 1
Atomic: All or nothing.
Consistent: No constraints violated.
Isolation: Users(sessions)don’t affect each other.
Durable: Once data is committed, it is permanent.

SOA = a set of enterprise architectural design principles to solve scalability issues by splitting responsibility into services.

Sub array is a basically a bunch of elements that are adjacent to each other. You can’t skip so they have to be continuous. But  they can start wherever you want in the array.

What is a prime number?
A prime number is a positive integer that can be divided by exactly 2 numbers. 1 and the number itself.

For a self-balancing Binary Search Tree (TreeSet or TreeMap in Java), search() and insert() are both O(logn) time.For a Hash Table (HashSet or HashMap in Java), search() and insert() are both O(1) on average.Therefore, by using hash table, we can achieve linear time complexity for finding the duplicate in an unsorted array.

For certain test cases with not very large n, the runtime of this method can be slower than Approach #2. The reason is hash table has some overhead in maintaining its property. One should keep in mind that real world performance can be different from what the Big-O notation says.The Big-O notation only tells us that for sufficiently large input, one will be faster than the other. Therefore, when n is not sufficiently large, an O(n) algorithm can be slower than an  O(nlogn) algorithm.

Floor method finds the highest element lower than or equal to specified element.
Ceiling method finds the lowest number higher than specified element.

62 raise to 7 combinations.
2 to the 3 power is 8.
4 to the X power is 64.
Log base 2 of 8 is equal to 3.

Stack: Last-in First-out
Queue: First-in First-out

What are the characters we can have in the tiny URL?

If my tinyURL is 7 character long in that case I can have 62 raise to 7 combinations.
If you’re doing more requests per second then you need to increase your number of characters in the tinyURL.

Dynamic programming relies on two things you have to have optimal substructure and have to have overlapping subproblems.So optimal substructure we already know we have because it’s recursive and that basically means that by solving the subproblems you  can solve the greater problem.And then in terms of overlapping subproblems that just means we’re calling our functions multiple times with the same inputs.

primitive types and wrappers

Build a tool that reached 20 million people.
I wasn’t quite sure about that.

I graduated from CSUF with a master degree in Accelerated MS in Software Engineering in 2019.
I started off my career as Java developer with a company called derby soft.
I was in charge of content creating, script writing, as well as monthly marketing reports.
I was responsible for XYZ.
My duties include…..
I was in that position for 2 years. Then I had  the opportunity to be the manager for XYZ company.

I’ve had an amazing experience in this position.I’ve learned a lot. But I think I’m ready for the next step. I’m ready for a bigger challenge.

Thank you so much for your call.I really appreciate you taking the time to interview me. Based on what I’ve heard, I’m really interested in this position and I think I have a lot to offer. I would be pleased to meet you in person to talk more.

