19. traction
- A few years ago, I started a company with a few friends that ultimately produced 3 distinct products that each achieved impressive traction.
20. inbound
21. payout
- With this insurance policy there is a maximum payout of €2,500.
22. stipulation
- The only stipulation is that you have to register.
23. wiggle
- wiggle room
- Some elements have a lot of wiggle-room.
24. overlook
- His film was nominated for an Oscar, but Reiner himself was overlooked as best director.
- Milestones are an especially important element that's often overlooked.
- The final point is extremely important and usually overlooked.
25. compensation
- Milestone-based compensation can be especially helpful for aligning incentives.
- If you're unhappy with your compensation,maybe you should take it up with HR.
26. sheer,toll
- I underestimated the sheer amount of effort it would take, and the toll it would have on my team.
27. glorify
- Especially since acqui-hires are glorified in the Valley.
28. rigor
- You go through the rigors of due diligence.
29. full-on
- The hotel specializes in full-on luxury.
30. sniff
- He sniffed his socks to see if they needed washing.

### 37 180623
1. subside
- The police are hoping that the violence will soon subside.
- Then after things subsideed, she would reach out, and we would both be happy to not have to deal with the larger issue.
2. denial,rope
- rope someone into something
- I was roped into playing softball last night.
- But each time , I knew I was being roped into denial.
3. hold out on sb
- I held out on writing her back.
4. write back
5. pushover
- Krista gets whatever she wants – her parents are real pushovers.
6. demystify
- What I need is a book that will demystify the workings of a car engine for me.
7. Brute Force
8. bevy
- they come away feeling grilled or discouraged after trying to answer a bevy of questions.
8. grill(vt to ask someone a lot of questions for a long time)
- Your recruiter is usually there to prep you, not to grill you on technical questions.
9. stumble
- The entirety of their recent stumbles.
- Your recruiter can be your biggest advocate, even pushing to re-interview you if you stumbled on your first interview.
10. struggling
11. blank slate
- Interviewer feedback is kept confidential from the other interviewers, so you can be assured that you enter each interview with blank slate.
12. endorser
- To extend an offer, the HC wants to see at least one interviewer who is an "enthusiastic endorser:'
13. packet
14. prerequisite
- While it's not a prerequisite to be a Mac user, you should at least be familiar with the system.
15. escort
-  if you don't pass, you'll simply be escorted out of the building without ever having been the wiser (until now).
- escort you off the property.陪你走出公司.
- I escorted the patrons to a worker in the department who could better help.
16. veto
- The VP typically won't be present but can still veto the hire if they weren't impressed.
17. cardinal: one two three four five. ordinal: first, second,third, fourth, fifth.
18. invariant
- traits that are invariant throughout all mammals
- To prove the correctness of the algorithm, we define the loop invariant.
19. consecutive
20. preprocessing
- sorting is often a good preprocessing step
21. sweep
- After sorting, we can sweep the sorted array to find if there are any two consecutive duplicate elements.
22. dominate
- The entire algorithm is dominated by the sorting step, which is O(nlog n) .
23. overhead
- The reason is hash table has some overhead in maintaining its property.
24. naive
25. logarithmic
- Each operation costs logarithmic time complexity in the sliding window which size is min(k, n).
26. incur
27. telecast
28. unconvincing
29. obsessive
30. optionality 期权

### 36 180622
0. . eyebrow.eyeliner
1. stash
- Each house has a certain amount of money stashed.
- That's where I stashed the chandelier.
2. rob
3. cremate
- Her body was burned, cremateed at 1800 degrees.
4. aside
- Stand aside, please, and let these people pass.
4. aside from
- Money continues to be a problem but aside from that we're all well.
- I hardly watch any television, aside from news and current affairs.
5. fearless
6. vise
7. brawny
- She would wrap her brawny legs around me and squeeze until I almost couldn't breathe.
- He was a big brawny man with huge hands.
8. bleeding heart
9. lexicographical
- Enumerating a dataset of strings in lexicographical order.
10. outperform,deteriorate
- Another reason why trie outperforms hash table, is that as hash table increases in size, there are lots of hash collisions and the search time complexity could deteriorate to O(n), where n is the number of keys inserted.
11. till
12. jerk,swing
- If you were driving with her, she would jerk the car to the side of the road, get out, leaving the car door swingging open.
- swinging the bag and the cane gun.
13. autopsy
- The vet's doing an autopsy.
- Her autopsy report says that her heart weighted 360 grams.
14. compassionate
15. filthy
- mediocre people filthy casuals
16. multitude
- This case has raised a multitude of questions.
17. fixate
- While people tend to fixate on equity ownership and equality,what really matter is whether there is equal power sharing between founders.
18. clump,peacock,strut
- The girls were all clumped together watching these young peacocks strut their stuff, knowing their job was to sit there and be impressed.
19. heroin,fentanyl
- There are so much heroin and fentanyl on the streets these days.
20. overdose
21. choke
22. cookout
- She had been hosting a cookout for friends.
23. slur
23. slurring
- John showed up in bad shape,slurring her words,fighting off drowsiness.
24. forbade
25. charcoal
26. grudge
- I was still holding a grudge about it.
27. delight
28. bland
29. imitate
30. crack up
- Making me crack up.

### 35 180618 D
0. coach. fresher. outburst. robber
0. dive : past tense dived or us also dove, past participle dived
1. premise
- He premised his argument on several incorrect assumptions.
- We don’t accept the premise that cutting taxes will necessarily lead to increased economic productivity.
2. quotes
- He began his speech by quoting Shakespeare.
- u can get quotes online or over the phone very quickly from dozens of competitors.
3. colossal
- They were asking a colossal amount of money for the house.
- It was a colossal waste of time.
4. boundless
- She has boundless energy and enthusiasm.
- Her love for her baby is boundless.
5. raves
- She was ranting and raving about some imagined insult.
6. battle(do battle)
- Even if no one is hurt, if there’s real damage and insurance companies will soon do battle, it’s a good idea to call 911.
7. precinct
- If you call 911 or your local precinct and bring in a neutral third party to document the accident, you’ll be doing yourself a favor.
8. err
9. suite
10. nimble
11. voluntary
12. impediment
13. duress
14. excerpt
- This video is an excerpt from  a larger course.
15. threesome
16. numerator/denominator.分子/分母
17. tumble
18. nightgown
19. weary
- Here, sit down and rest your weary legs.
20. clash
21. sue
- They're gonna reverse-engineer a version as close as they can without getting sued.
21. ensue
22. scuffle
23. assure
24. bureaucratic
- Things had become more bureaucratic.
25. permutation
26. permute
- we wish to permute the order of the bytes.
26. sperm
- sperm patty
27. spectre
28. whittle
- whittle sth down
- We had 80 applicants for the job, but we've whittled them down to six.
29. unpick
30. unwinding
-

### 34 180616
0. squirrel. lettuce. colonel. fruit. recipe. sew. choir.watermelon.
0. advertisement. bathroom.
1. tragic
2. exploratory
3. solidify
- I am here to help you solidify your understanding of computer science fundamentals and then learn how to apply those fundamentals to crack the coding interview.
4. riddled
- It's riddled  with bugs.
- Finally, when he began coding, he flew through the code with an initial solution, but it was riddled with mistakes that he failed to catch.
5. acquisition
6. combat
- I've seen their mistakes and struggles, and I've devel­oped techniques and strategies to help them combat those very issues.
7. gut
- At the end of the interview, the interviewer will walk away with a gut feel for how you did.
- He knew he had to trust his gut(instincts) and do what felt right.
- And i'm going to go with my gut, and that's ryan.
8. periodically
- Understanding trees, graphs, lists, sorting, and other knowledge does come up periodically.
9. correlate
- Even if the skills wouldn't be that hard to learn on their own, they say it's reasonably well-correlated with being a good developer.
10. meaty
- You get to focus on the interesting, "meaty" parts of the code: the function that the question is really all about.
11. pseudo-
- pseudocode
12. randomness.
- pure randomness.
13. upsurge
14. slant
- Left of upright slant.左上方倾斜.
15. anagram
16. tuple
17. ace
18. sufficient
19. qualitative
20. comprehend
21. shine
- Here he shines a light on four components,but recommends using them together, so their impact compounds.
- Basically, this is ur chance to shine.
22. reflective
23. craft
- craft a story.
24. bewilder(extremely confusing or difficult to understand)
- If you bewildered the interviewer at this stage you will be viewed as somebody who can't communicate clearly.
25. bewildering
- an utterly bewildering experience
25. banned
- he was banned from driving for a year
26. converse
- It would be great if u can be able to at least converse with them not just ask completely amateurish questions.
27. issue
- u issue a depth-first search.
28. delegate
- help you delegate some of the edge cases to other methods.
29. disposal
- at sb's disposal
- They should have that tool(hash table) at their disposal.
30. oftentimes
- oftentimes the interviews will even take a picture of the code that you wrote.

### 第33组 180610
0. roof. blender.blander. blunder.
0. legs.lags.lugs.leagues.
0. dead/ded/.did/dɪd/.deed/diːd/.dud/dʌd/.dad/dæd/.
1. preempt
2. delimit
3. cue
4. peripheral
5. lucrative
6. lure
7. watermark
9. docile
10. brittle
11. guru
- these 3 are my gurus.
12. foster
13. epic
14. tear
- Immediately after graduation ceremonies concluded, workers began tearing out granite counters and carpet as part of a 10-week project.
15. detract
- The window additions will not detract from the chevron pattern of the library’s walls and will add an interesting element to the facility
- Replacing the rotor will not enhance, or detract from, your existing wheel alignment.
16. retention
- INcrease retention on eBanking Website.
17. manifesto
18. haul
- I hope he doesn't haul off and just hit you.
18. overhaul
- This is a massive overhaul.
19. severance
- severance package
- we'll give you enough severance to cover you to your next job.
20. debrief
21. defender
22. nerd
23. contiguous
24. oddly
25. dwarf
26. dopamine
27. detach
28. pajamas
29. eternity
30. eternal

### 第32组 180608
0. jaw. 下巴.mower.
1. outsource
2. freight.
3. expedite
4. legit
- you are too legit to quit.你这么正经的人就不会辞职.
- Are those number legit? Of course. dau.
5. laminate
6. plasticky
7. placebo
8. procurement
9. cathedral
11. futile
- I support you,no matter how futile the effort. 我支持你,不管这招多没用.
12. rebrand
13. stuffy
14. boardroom
15. rehash
16. pique
17. painstaking
18. rest
19. pitch
- Interesting pitch. 有趣的展示.
- When you pitched me Pied Piper.
20. niche












29. all-out





n


adj

v

=====================
0. Chinese buffet restaurant. meteor shower 流星雨. 
0. 1美分-Penny
0. 5美分-Nickel
0. 10美分-Dime
0. 25美分-quarter dollar,quarter
0. 50美分-half dollar
0. 1美元-One Dollar
0. tournament
0. granite satellite..janitor.ostrich.
0. English alphabet.
=====================




1. level with sb
- Seriously? Look, you guys are smart, so I'm just leveling with you.
16. wipe,right off the bat
- Litigation wipes out half our funds right off the bat.
26. dough-money
5. buff out
- That's a deep scratch. That will not buff out.
16. screen name.
18. buckle up.系好安全带.
19. No bars.没信号.
23. Remittance Addresses
24. mileage allowance
26. utility bill
10. Scavenger Hunt
6. boorish,vulgar,uncouth,course,graceless,puerile
- your behavior was boorish and juvenile.
- you were rude ,vulgar(低俗), and uncouth(毫无教养).
- you were course(令人不悦),graceless(无礼) and puerile(天真).
- you were obscene(猥琐),insulting(侮辱人) and ignorant(无知).
- pretty assertive vaginal metaphors last round.
- So it's been a bit of an uphill climb.(现在情况不妙)
- He is a vulgar human being.He's utterly distasteful.
14. top-notch
- top-notch resume

woefully misguided.错的可怜.
27. 被除数dividend和除数 divisor
14. vantage point
- I could not see this from my hidden vantage point.
5. in perpetuity
- 永远.
- Wildlife areas have to be maintained in perpetuity.
29. tall grande venti
2. crap out
- our beta crapped out
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


21. snap
- I’ve put up with my in-laws for four days and didn’t snap once…
22. jackpot
- It was kind of hitting the jackpot for him at that age.
23. timescale
24. labyrinth
25. gray
26. hog
- What Is Google Chrome Helper, and Why Is It Hogging My CPU Cycles?
27. haunt

27. haunted,ghoul
- If you use a Mac and Google's Chrome browser, you may occasionally be haunted by a ghoul that goes by the name of “Google Chrome Helper.”.
28. rampage,rogue
- The quick story is that Google Chrome Helper isn't really the problem. It tends to go on the rampage when there's a rogue extension or when Google Chrome’s plug-in settings are configured to run everything by default.
29. martyr
- Google Chrome Helper is a martyr.
30. assimilation,assimilate

### 第29组 180515
0. Most new businesses, they don't make a profit till at least two years.And then your margins will be razor-thin.
0. strapline 副标题.Chat bots. 聊天机器人.razor 剃刀.male grooming products. ambulation
0. Scented Bar.  Hand/Body Soap.viral video.病毒视频.email advocacy
0. purveyor. sauce(酱) saucer(茶托). scarf 围巾 hamster 仓鼠.kitten 小猫 horror movie
0. romance movies.  penguin 企鹅. fought/bought/ate/won/forgot/slept/drunk/drank..garage/garbage
0. caviar 鱼子酱. bonus/award. metropolitan (metro).
1. savvy
- Children today are much more tech-savvy than their grandparents.
2. behemoth
- When google launched Gmail in 2004, the company wasn't quite the all conquering data-gathering behemoth we know today.
3. ploy
- But Google cleverly turned a problem into a marketing ploy.
4. counter
- To counter such resistance, Fb has progressively turned off the message facility on its own app and telling mobile users they must migrate to Messenger.
5. diversion
- For anyone needing  diversion on the bus, train or in the office, a Fb quiz-usually put together by a third party- is often the first port of call.
6. incentivise
- Competitions aren't the only way to incentivise.
7. harness
- The company offers a quality services and harnesses the power of existing users to bring more customers.
8. arena
- The business-to-business market is different from the B2C arena and often requires a different approach to growth hacking.
9. time-honored:(of a custom or tradition) respected or valued because it has existed for a long time.
- One time-honoured startegy is to provide useful business intelligence to your target audience.
10. impeccable
- The company's approach was a relatively crude but funny video, presented by the founder with impeccable comic timing around the strapline."Our blades are fucking great."
11. sheen
- The videos share some of the no-nonsense crudity of one dollar Shave but add a sitcom sheen.
12. crush
- Her arm was crushed in the accident.
13. stringent
- the stringent time-to-market constraints that prevail in a competitive climate such as web-conferencing would have prevented us from doing this.
14. subtlety
- give yourself a subtlety of expression.
15. creepy
15. creep
16. envision
17. imagery
18. typography
19. crisp
20. gutter
21. probiotic
22. jive
23. litter
24. lump
- Look at that lion! It’s eating a huge lump of meat.
- Like signing bonuses, stock compensation between companies can be compared by amortizing it over three years and then lumping that value into salary.
25. frugal
26. ingenuity
- ingenuity and creativity.
- Man first landed on the moon in 1969. It was an amazing feat of human ingenuity.
27. vomit
- Julie ate some bad food yesterday. She's going to vomit.
- I actually vomited a little.
28. skinny
29. critique
30. job vacancies and resumes

### 第28组 180511
0. Stainless Steel 不锈钢.noble savages.luggage 行李. weigh luggage.kiosk
0. savage
- The guy is savage.
0. kickback(回扣)
0. rink 滑冰场.
1. taboo
- Sex is a taboo subject for many people.
- In this company, dating a coworker is considered taboo.
2. pre-marital
- premarital sex
3. chastity
- In general, they were just much less obsessed with female chastity than europeans were.
4. paragon
- a paragon of a wife
5. savagery
6. thwart
- She did all she could to thwart his plans.
- The army thwarted the attempt at a coup.
7. galleon
- The Spanish wanted to colonize Florida to set up military bases to thwart the pirates who preyed on silver-laden Spanish galleons coming out of Mexico.
8. indigenous
- There are several indigenous groups that still live in the area.
10. inquisitive, inquisition
- me as an inquisitive child
- His political enemies were conducting an inquisition into the details of his personal life.
11. warrior
12. servitude
-  penal servitude
13. captivity
- Big Cats in Captivity
14. graze
- cattle grazing on the slopes
- one of the long spikes grazed his shoulder, ripping his robes
15. perpetual
- I will grant you a perpetual license to use the algorithm in your video chat.我会给你们永久使用许可.
- He seems to have a perpetual grin on his face.
16. grasping
- Research Project: Hand Grasp Animation
18. pathetic
- Breakfast, lunch and dinner were catered by one of the best, Gramercy Park Catering. Definitely made Google food look pathetic.
18. sympathetic
- 3 Ways to Be Sympathetic
- Mrs. John was sympathetic when she found out Ashley broke her arm.
19. metaphorical
- By making a metaphorical comparison between a complex problem and a recognisable situation, other people can understand what’s meant right away.
20. brutal
20. brutality
21. unleash
- unleash the power of John展示
- The storm unleashed its fury.
22. cruelty
23. tale
- Are you telling tales again? Or is that the truth?
24. heathens
- a missionary sent to distant lands to convert the heathens
25. befall-befell
- It's sad to think of the unhappy fate that befell him.
- The drought was only one of many hardships to befall the small country.
26. unheard
- Their cries for help were unheard.
27. attentive
- The hospital is proud of its attentive staff.
28. adjourn
- This meeting is adjourned. 本次会议到此结束.
- John,If didn't vote to remove you,then Tom would've adjourned the meeting.暂停会议.
- This meeting is adjourned. means it's finished.
- We're going to adjourn this meeting until next week .means we're going to take a break , we're going to come back and finish next time.
29. unanimous
- we can’t reach a unanimous decision based on interview feedback alone.
- it's unanimous.Approved.
- a unanimous vote to upgrade the school's computer facilities
30. acrobatic
- a child who is a natural acrobat with a superb sense of balance

### 第27组 180509
0. cupcakes, cereal, delicious herb, jerk(a stupid person, usually a man) 很讨厌的人.beeper.
1. referral.
1. hinge
- give me a referral.
- After all, applying online is tricky; a personal referral is much better, and your ability to do so hinges on your network.
- hinge on (So much of their business hinges on how well in China)
2. contend(vi,vt)
- will contend for the championship this year
- contended with the problems of municipal government
- contends that the new law would help only the wealthy
- The bomb squad has to contend with this traffic.
3. shin. chin.
- kick you in the shin.
4. shock : a bad surprise.
5. plague
- Drought and wildfires continue to plague the area.
6. cynical
- `Basically means that you think negatively about everything.`
- She's become more cynical in her old age.
7. drum rool
7. conundrum
- He is faced with the conundrum of trying to find a job without having experience.
8. kludgy:awkwardly or inelegantly made or done.
9. equanimous.equanimity
- Stay equanimous.
10. rectify
- Rectify your eating habits to stay disease free.
11. marginalize
- It's unrealistic for majority of the readers here to practice what you said without the help from native speakers ‘cause most fobs guys are isolated/marginalized as f*** at the first place even for many fob girls.
12. jeopardy
- His laziness caused the company to perform badly last quarter. Moreover, his attitude toward the board has put his job in jeopardy.
13. clamp
- clamp one's face
14. referendum
- The issue was decided by referendum.
15. scrutiny
- Her opinion is based on a careful scrutiny of the text.
16. genie
- He rubbed the magic lamp to summon the genie.
- I don't think u can put that genie back in the bottle now.
17. normative
18. yawn
- Scientists may have just solved one of life’s biggest mysteries: Why yawning is contagious.
19. statehood
- California was 60 years away from statehood when the Constitution was signed, for instance.
20. Brag
- always bragging about his success(vi)
- bragged that she was the faster runner on her team(vt)
21. aggrandize
- Sorry, We can be a little bit self-aggrandizing sometimes here in America.
- a movie that aggrandizes the bad guys and makes the cops look like dopes
22. romanticize/romanticization
- He has romanticized notions of army life.
23. infantilize/infantilization
24. pinnacle
- a singer who has reached the pinnacle of success
- pinnacle of humanness
25. decimate
- Crops from both countries will be decimated.
- decimate a regiment
- And like other native Americans, their populations were decimated by diseases.
26. decimation: means one in ten.
27. dwell
27. dwelling
- What Is Dwelling Insurance?
28. degradation
- without degradation
- environmental degradation
29. problematic
- inherently problematic
- Rules of grammar are more problematic for non-native speakers.
30. matrilineal
- matrilineal society

### 第26组 180505
1. rung
- The lower you start, the more rungs there are to climb.
2. rubric
- the rubrics at the beginning of the chapters are intended to be humorous
3. dangle
- I was dangling my feet in.我把脚放进泳池.
- approaching the dangling null at the end of each list
- The money she dangled in front of him wasn't enough to convince him to sell.
- She sat on the edge of the pool, dangling her feet in the water.
- Some companies will dangle money at you as an alternative to going on the PIP.You can take it and bail.
4. shackle
- placed shackles on the legs of the prisoners
- Obviously, this is much easier if you aren't shackled to them by some kind of unhumane quasi-slavery  visa situation that we do to our friends who happen to  be bron somewhere else.
5. peril
-  Of course, the service now has to deal with all the perils of denormalization such as data inconsistency.
5. perilous
- If you are in a perilous visa situation, you also have to solve for that at the same time, unfortunately.
6. aka .also known as.
7. wretched
- families living in wretched poverty
- Listen, we are a paper company.How can we put our fine paper in this wretched machine?
8. techie 技术人员
9. woeful
- My skill set was woefully out of date.
- The student's grades were woeful.
10. clunky
- I drive a clunky old station wagon.
- even last year's laptops look clunky
11. asterisk : *  symbol (*)
12. opacity
- Critics have noted the opacity of her writing style.
13. wonder
- It has made wonders for me.
14. probabilistic
- Life is probabilistic, you can't define your future for sure.
15. mortal
- Can music save your mortal soul?
15. mortally
- We already are mortally embarrassed.
15. mortality
- Your mortality is approaching and you suddenly realise time is limited.
16. ailment
- There's all sorts of odd ailments that hit in the 40's because evolution.
17. libido
- Your libido will drop , and finally you can get five minutes of peace and quiet without thinking about sex all the time.
18. cardio
- YOu can get it whenever you want. Still it helps with the cardio.
19. ossify
- You can cheerfully sink into your comfort zone and let your opinions ossify into grumpy old man syndrome.Don't do that, it's not pleasant for anyone.
20. dandy
- Now everything is fine and dandy.
21. rant
- his rants against organized religion
22. shameless
- The actor made a shameless plug for his movie.
23. paradise
- Welcome to the paradise where you can pick any type of fonts that you would want.
24. hodgepodge
- the exhibit was a hodgepodge of mediocre art, bad art, and really bad art
25. dimple
- dimples 酒窝 beard 胡子 cages笼子 animals and cages in the zoo. underwear. 内衣.
26. crunch
- I think we're going to have to crunch our burn-rate again.
- to calculate numbers or process information
- The project seems worthwhile, but you have to crunch the numbers to see if it’s affordable.
26. Crunches
- 4 Reasons Why You Should Not Do Crunches
27. contentious
- Contentious politics in China
- The dispute involves one of the region's most contentious leaders.
28. unwieldy
- What is nature's purpose in providing huge, unwieldy horns for ...
29. phony=fake.Sometime, people will steal something from other people and pass it off as their own. And these people are called “phonies”.
30. autograph:a signature, especially that of a celebrity written as a memento for an admirer.
- autograph is for celebrity, signature is for normal people.

### 第25组 180501
1. churn
- And on and on until a narrowly-scoped changelist has expanded to include lots of unrelated churn.
- The biggest problem they face is churn. Wireless providers lose an average of about 30% of their customers a year to competitors.
2. scissor 剪刀.
3. egregious
- an egregious example of political bias
4. gripe
- Students griped about having too much homework.
- THe author may gripe about splitting the changelist because it's a tedious task.
5. emphatic
- Even if my emphatic recommenda­tion could sway them to reconsider, he would surely get rejected in the later stages of the hiring process. There were just too many red flags.
5. emphatically
- I emphatically vote.我郑重提议.
- When the code quality is low, emphatically request a split.
- Yellen responds to Trump: I can 'emphatically' say politics do not affect us
6. abomination
- you are much better off auditing a couple of sloppy 300-line changelist than a single 600-line abomination.
- Some people view the sculpture as art while others see it as an abomination.
7. be better off:be in a better position, especially in financial terms.
- Oh, honey, you're better off without him.
- As a computer programmer, you're better off moving to a city that's home to a lot of tech companies.
8. trivia
- many firms will ask so-called "trivia" questions
8. trivial
- Grant approveal when remaining fixes are trivial.
9. needless
- This adds needless code review rounds, wasting time for both author and reviewer.
10. compliment/complement
- Sincere compliments ease this tension by demonstrating that you are their supportive teammate and not the cruel gatekeeper.
11. slayings 凶杀案.
12. canvass
- Detectives are unsure whether the attacker was alone but said there were signs of forced entry into the home. Investigators have interviewed neighbors and canvassed the area.
13. stew
- The longer you and your teammate stew in stalemate , the more damaging it is to your relationship.
14. weigh
- Weigh the cost of just approving the changes.
15. slog
- Wildland firefighter training starts with a wet slog.
- It will be a long, hard slog before everything is back to normal.
- Why did mine turn into a three-week slog through passive-aggressive much while Bob's was a two-day breeze?
16. ambush
- We have reports of enemy soldiers ambushing civilians on this road.
- They want ambush you and replace you with Big head.
17. retain
- A landlord may retain part of your deposit if you break the lease.
- They insisted on retaining old customs.
18. sake:The sake of something is the reason for doing it.
- The parents worked hard for their children's sake.
19. obstruct
- my job wasn't to obstruct her work,but rather help it move forward.
- A large tree obstructed the road.
20. affront
- I took it as an affront,
- A lie is an affront to the soul, as well as an insult to the intelligence of the person to whom one lies.
21. stall
- Interviewers want to see that, when faced with an ambiguous situation, you don't get overwhelmed and stall.
- Recall that the review that had been stalled for three painful weeks.
22. strangle
- Bob didn't try to strangle the review to perfection.
- The company is trying to strangle the smaller competition.
23. brusque
- She asked for a cup of coffee and received a brusque reply: “We don't have any.”
24. hinder
- If you feel unable to bring code up to your quality standards,think about what aspects of the review process are hindering you and how you can address them.
- Their journey was hindered by snow and high winds. economic growth hindered by sanctions
25. legible
- It's just for us to write in a more easier way, more legible way, so that our code looks nicer.
26. erratic
- so far your effort to land a summer job has been very erratic.
- Your behavior in the last two years has been completely erratic.
28. animation
- showing animations.
29. loiter
- loitering objects
30. 32 fahrenheit or zero degrees celsius.

### 第24组 180428
1. derail
- Code reviews require more tact and care than usual communication because there's a high risk of derailing the discussion into a personal agrument.
2. bizarre
2. bizarrely
- You would expect reviewers to dial up their politeness in reviews, but bizarrely I've found them to go the opposite direction.
3. stapler
- Hand me that stapler , then fetch me a soda.
4. stray
- The farther you stray from authoritative documentation, the shakier your evidence becomes.
5. spontaneity
- Lists can close you off to spontaneity and exploration of things you didn't plan for.
6.  guillotine
- shinier guillotine
7. superfluous
- Everything else is superfluous.
8. rhetorical
- rhetorical question.
9. gut
- Tools will come and go,but your brain and your gut will be here with you for the rest of your life.
10. periphery
- A "Boundary Class" is a class that lies on the periphery of a system, but within it.
- As the kids walked around the periphery, they were invited to pluck a few mint leaves and have a nibble.
11. dutifully
- I dutifully recorded all of the issues I spotted.
12. shakeup
- It won the 1990 elections, and immediately carried out a radical shake-up of the country's welfare system by creating the first ‘post-welfarist’ society.
13. nil
- COS displays an error message if the user’s order history is nil.
14. dismiss
- He has been dismissed from his job for incompetence.
14. dismissive
14. dismissively
- she explained dismissively that these issues were not worth the engineering time to fix.
15. meander
- My tone was professional but meandering into the realm of passive-aggressive.
16. obstinate
- As you might guess,john's replies became even more obstinate.
17. dread
- can't swim and dreads the water
- All morning, I felt a sinking weight in the pit of my stomach as I dreaded the next round of review.
18. pound
- my heart began pounding in my chest as I grew more infuriated by each of her responses.
19. hammer rebuttal
- I immediately started hammering my keyboard with rebuttals, pointing out that she had neither made my suggested changes nor offered justification for me to approve.We repeated this routine every day for three weeks.The code barely changed.
20. fling
- Fine Doubled for Car Drivers Flinging Cigarette Butts on the Roads.
21. handover
- I will handover the final homework#2 document by tomorrow.........can you build table of contents?
- the police officer ordered the suspect to hand over his weapons
22. polynomial 多项式.
23. confront/confrontation
- my mom confronted her with some hard evidence.
- Have you ever had a confrontation at your last job?
24. peed
- I peed my pants.
27. sarcasm
- a voice full of sarcasm
28. stale
28. stalemate
- He immediately recognized the situation for what it was : a stalemate.
29. backward
- economically backward countries
- my original approach was backward and bob's was quietly brilliant.
30. convoluted
- An F is reserved for code that is either functionally incorrect or so convoluted that you don't have confidence in its correctness.
31. withhold
- An employee's withholding critical information about a competitor.
- The only reason you should withhold approval is if the code remains at an F after a few rounds of review.

### 第23组 180427
1. either,adv,用于否定句.也.
- My other work didn't look so good on paper either.
2. hornswoggle(horn·swog·gle)
- If they hornswoggled me into helping them, it's evidence of their strong leadership qualities.
3. peon
- I was just the mindless peon whose work was so irrelevant that it could be pre-empted at a moment's notice.
- “Those rich politicians don't care about peons like us,” she complained.
4. nevertheless
- It was an undocumented system, built on deprecated infrastructure,but it was nevertheless  a critical components in production.
5. liable
- It's liable to rain.
- I was liable to lose several more in the grunt work of keeping it operational.
6. absurd
- Meanwhile, I couldn't complete any projects because Google kept interrupting them midway through and assigning me new ones. They dynamic felt absurd.
7. velociraptor/dinosaur
8. exponential. exponentially
- Popular wisdom said that each promotion was exponentially harder than the last.
9. rather adv
- I would rather go to the movies than stay at home.
- These weren't Zucherberg hopefuls, but rather people who wanted to build modest, profitable businesses that pay their bills.
10. captivate
- Founders on Indiae Hackers captivated me because they were in control.
11. stagnate(V) stagnant(adj)
- Whether their business became a runaway success or stagnated for years, they were calling the shots.
- Stagnant water
12. euphemism
- This was a common enough occurrence at Google that there was euphemism for it a defrag.
13. morale and momentum
- Stuff that you don't like is a painful drag on morale and momentum.
14. belittle
- He wanted us to recognize the users as people not just a user, which he thought was belittling.
- Try to be around smart, productive, happy, and positive people that don't belittle your ambitions.
15. terse
- I am almost sure I am terse to the point of rudeness when replying emails.
16. espresso. 浓咖啡 caffeine 咖啡因
17. willpower
- I don't have much willpower when it comes to sweet things, so I mostly just try to keep junk foot out of the house.
18. stimulants
- stimulant abuse.
- the relaxed zoning regulations should serve as a stimulant for development in the area
19. dissect
- a 20-person meeting where you dissect code line by line.
20. innocuous
- All my to-do lists started out as innocuous tools to assist me in my life, but slowly transformed,each and every time, into thankless , soul training exercises in reductionism.
21. stamina
- Beeween interruptions like meetings and emails, the time you have available to focus on code is scarce.Your mental stamina is even shorter supply.
- Vegetarian items to boost your stamina.
- Grit is having stamina.
22. squander
- squandering all our runway for fancy offices.
- Don't squander these resources on tasks a computer can do, especially when a computer can do them better.
- Don’t squander your potential living a life that amounts to far less than the one you are capable of living.
23. accusatory
- People accusatory fingers pointed at businessman.
24. forfeit
- If the review process requires the author to run these checks manually, you forfeit most of the benefit.
- those unable to meet their taxes were liable to forfeit their property
25. bicker
- Consistent style is certainly important, but a code review is not the time to bicker about where to put the curly braces.
- How To Avoid Bickering In Marriage?
26. defer,hash out
- intransitive verb,to submit to another's wishes, opinion, or governance usually through deference or respect
- deferred to her father's wishes
- admit,defer,deny.
- Just defer to the style guide and move on.If you encounter a style issue your guide doesn't cover and it's important enough to discuss, hash it our with your team.
27. codify
- When you reach agreement, codify that decision in your style guide.
28. virtuous
- When you start review immediately, you create a virtuous cycle.
29. moot
- Your low-level notes might become moot once the author integrates your high-level notes.
- The court ruled that the issue is now moot because the people involved in the dispute have died.
30. jello-果冻 dumbass 笨蛋.

### 第22组 180420
1. tilde ~.
2. deprecate
3. tedious
- The work is tedious, but it needs to get done.
4. dummy:  a person who is habitually silent
- dummy data
- We're going to do is make up an array of dummy to do's.
5. lunatics
- People are lunatics about smoking here.
6. hideous
- Look at that hideous face.
- Donald Trump hair - hideous or handsome?
7. adorable
- The music is adorable.
8. cater
- The restaurant caters for parties.
- A local restaurant catered the banquet.
- the second one which is really catered towards those that are new maybe you've just tried vscode recently in the last few month.
9. vernacular
- writes essays in a very easy-to-read, vernacular style
- this can teach you the vernacular we use in other parts of product to make thing make sense.
10. squiggle
- His handwriting looks like a bunch of squiggles.
- a pediatrician's waiting room full of squiggling toddlers
11. obfuscate
- Hashing is a way to obfuscate the actual plain text password.
12. spot
- I spotted an error in my math.
- She spotted a deer in the woods.
- We’ll be able to spot that change and we’ll be able to deny the user access.
13. mad
- mad at sb
- What are you so mad about?
- If you keep teasing that dog, you'll make him mad.
- I really mad at user5 I want to wipe all their data.
14. hectic
- documentation is going to be hectic only for me
15. rowing
- She was on the rowing team.
16. rove :wander about aimlessly
- I'm going to rove through the forest/mountains.
17. wander
- I was just wandering around the house.
- They wandered down the street.
18. groove:v,dance or listen to popular or jazz music, especially that with an insistent rhythm.
19. sack
- I was sacked ,it means they lost their job.
- Do shareholders have the right to sack the entire board of directors?
20. pinpoint
- They were finally able to pinpoint the cause of the fire.
- He pinpointed the city on the map.
21. devious(sneaky)
- he's as devious as a politician needs to be
- The devious criminal tried to hide from the police.
22. infomercial
23. debt
- He is trying to pay off gambling debts.
24. inimical
- Is any of this inimical to the use of architecture?
- his father's inimical glare
25. taint
- tainted food
- They wouldn't be tainted by any sort of favoritism or politics.
- that rare political campaign that wasn't marred by the taint of false accusations
26. shrew
- Well,you, madam , are a shrew of the first order.顶级悍妇.
26. shrewd
- They'd see past all that and recognize me for high-quality code and shrewd engineering decisions.
- She's shrewd about her investments.
27. omniscient
- In my head, the promotion committee was this omniscient and fair entity.
28. wager
- I would wager a bet that ninety percent of the people's email addresses contain english letters.
- I would wager that......
```
gonna-going to.
wanna-want to; want a.
gotta-(I've)got to.

coulda-could have
shoulda-should have
woulda-would have
musta-must have

lotsa-a lot of
sorta-sort of
kinda-kind of
```
29. chopsticks
30. clutter
- Many candidates make the mistake of adding all 13 of their prior projects, cluttering their resume with small, non-impressive projects.
30. uncluttered
- In order to keep the diagram uncluttered, you can repeat data stores and external entities.

### 第21组 180415
1. concatenate
- U choose a letter U just concatenate it onto the end of string.
- Then we can concatenate another string using the plus operator.
2. subtlety
- Now there are some more subtleties to arrow functions.
3. ideology,from the ground up:(idiomatic) From the first step through to completion; entirely.
- You can install a module knowing it was built from  the ground up using a non-blocking ideology.
- How To Grow Your Leadership Status Using The Tool of Ideology
- This place is a real dump—we'll have to rebuild it from the ground up.
4. overkill
- Now it's definitely overkill for this course but I wanted to make you aware that they exist.
- This might seem like   overkill.
5. ditch
- Ditch the node package manager explanation.
- ditch an old car
- had to ditch their plan
- His girlfriend ditched him.
6. hilarious
- Some people don't like his comedy, but I think he's hilarious.
- 39 Super Hilarious Pictures
- hilarious prank.
- It's hilarious.
7. tweak
- We just wanted to tweak his original idea a bit.
- Now we do need to tweak this a little bit.(代码稍微修改一下.)
8. testify
- I can testify to the foregoing since I was actually present when it happened.
9. revert
- He reverted to bad habits.
11. nuance, pl:nuances
- Nuances of flavor and fragrance cannot be described accurately.
- He listened to the subtle nuances in the song.
12. indentation
13. rundown
- I need a rundown of your clients.
- They gave us a rundown on the main points of the news.(an item-by-item report or review : summary)
14. foolproof
- DNA fingerprinting gives police a virtually foolproof way to link a suspect to a crime scene.
- We now have a foolproof schema that has good defaults and validation.
- Now this token is not foolproof.

15. populate
- Immigrants began to populate the area in the late 19th century.
- Strange creatures populate the ocean depths.
- The error object is not going to get populated.
16. skyrocket
- The temperature is skyrocketing as the sun starts coming up.
17. relay
- we can print a message that relays that message to the user.
- Please relay the news to the rest of the team.
18. hoist
- The cargo was hoisted up onto the ship.
19. intimate
- intimate knowledge of the law
- They remained intimate friends throughout their lives.
20. blurry
- But my recollection of Sammy Shakusky is very blurry and faint and distant.
21. upfront
- I want to give you experience upfont playing around with Promise.
22. pry
- It's important to not put anything in here that you don't want prying eyes to see.
23. mustache
24. nowhere
- node modules directory is nowhere in sight.
- The book is nowhere to be found.
- Arguing will get us nowhere.
- I have nowhere to go.
25. alter.
- Alcohol can alter a person's mood.
- The place has altered in the 10 years since I left.
26. breadcrumb:A “breadcrumb” (or “breadcrumb trail”) is a type of secondary navigation scheme that reveals the user’s location in a website or Web application.
27. cryptic
- Now when you run that command you're going to get a lot of cryptic output.
28. choppy
- choppy water
29. globbing
- We can use the globbing pattern to specify multiple files.
30. fictitious
- She gave a fictitious address on the application.
- The characters in the book are all fictitious.

### 第20组 180407
1. buzzword
- Although the underlying concepts aren’t new, Microservice is one of the biggest buzzword of the two last years.
2. leeway
- Are employees held to the same standards as typical candidates?Essentially yes, although there is a bit more leeway.
- They give their students leeway to try new things.
- The fault-tolerance expert is given some leeway in not satisfying all the architectural drivers.
3. overhype.
- "You think the media is overhyping?" —Don Lemon
5. hallucinate(hal·lu·ci·nate)
- The patient may hallucinate if she has a fever.
6. erroneous
- erroneous assumption
- detect whether the program has entered an erroneous state
7. pernicious(per·ni·cious)
- She thinks television has a pernicious influence on our children.
- nondeterminism is a very pernicious form of complex behavior.
8. dividend(div·i·dend)
- Profits are distributed to shareholders as dividends.
9. ameliorate(a·me·lio·rate)
- medicine to ameliorate the pain.
10. hazard(s)(haz·ard)
- the tumbledown old barn was considered a fire hazard.
- She is a hazard to the other people of the office.
11. inflict(in·flict)
- they inflicted serious injuries on three other men.
12. behoove(be·hoove)
- I think it would  behoove  us to prioritize hiring a woman.
- Once again, it behooves a project to capture this critical information in a systematic, clear, and repeatable way.
13. forte
- Public speaking isn’t your forte.
14. podium 讲台.(po·di·um)
15. drill:instruction or training in military exercises.
- Every fall semester and every spring semester we conduct campus-wide evacuation drills.
16. analogous(a·nal·o·gous)
- a town council and a government body that serves an analogous function.
- Facebook knows public perception of Zuckerberg is analogous to their view of the social network.
17. confectionery n 糖果.(con·fec·tion·er·y)
18. demilitarize(de·mil·i·ta·rize)
- a demilitarized zone
19. bunk
- We'll bunk here for the night.
20. naysayer(nay·say·er)
- naysayers claim that the idea is just a rebranding of service-oriented architecture (SOA).
- Sometimes you just need to thank the nonbelievers and naysayers, for they are what give you the inspiration to keep going.
21. roster(ros·ter)
- His name has been added to the team roster.
- The team has a roster of 40 players.
22. oddity(odd·i·ty)
- Her shyness makes her a bit of an oddity in the business world.
23. nuts:crazy, foolish, or strange:
- They're nuts.他们是傻瓜.
- You're nuts if you think you can go mountain climbing in a snowstorm.
24. phoneme/allophone
25. baffling
- Patterns can be a good way to approach a baffling problem.
25. tantalizing
- This was baffling but tantalizing when introduced in the first episode.
26. flip
- the yacht was flipped by a huge wave
- I'm going to flip it using exclamation mark.
- Even though you and your team spent painstaking hours writing this proposal, selecting just the right graphics, and coming up with the best solution for your client’s problem, they may only read this one page and then flip to your pricing table.
27. trapezoid.(trap·e·zoid) 梯形;
28. diphthong. 双元音.
29. kettle. n水壶. cattle.黄牛.
30. pickle. 泡菜,咸菜;

### 第19组 180402
1. pesky
- pesky mosquitoes
2. atop
- The house sits atop a cliff overlooking the ocean.
3. cadence.
- a much quicker cadence of application development.
- the steady cadence of the drums
- the microservices approach enables a much quicker cadence of application development.
4. bloat.
- big, bloated monolithic applications.
- Nasty Culprits of Belly Bloat
5. afterthought.
- Creating and maintaining service contracts is a difficult task that should not be taken lightly or treated as an afterthought.
6. offhand
- I couldn't give them the figures offhand.
7. showstopper.
- The issues identified in this chapter are complex, but they certainly aren’t showstoppers.
8. formulaic.
- There is no formulaic way to write excellent requirements;
9. scribble
- it’s easy to scribble a DFD on a whiteboard while discussing how the user’s business operates.
10. retrofit
- It can be difficult and expensive to retrofit desired quality characteristics into a product late in development or after delivery.
- The factory has been retrofitted to meet the new safety regulations.
- We can retrofit your car with the new fuel system.
11. span.
- They can span multiple stories and multiple iterations.
- Her academic interests span a wide variety of topics.
12. devoid
- the so-called comedy is totally devoid of intelligence, originality, and even laughs
13. chatty
- a chatty neighbor
14. faint.
- Some fans were so excited to see Brad Pitt that they fainted.
- We heard a faint noise.
15. tenet
- Component sharing is one of the core tenets of SOA.
16. mediator.
- if you two cannot resolve this argument on your own, we'll have to bring in a mediator
17. proliferate/proliferation.
- SOA, has no upper limit and promotes the proliferation of multiple heterogeneous protocols through its messaging middleware component.
18. impedance 电阻
19. supper
-  breakfast, lunch, and supper
20. superstition
- It is a common superstition that a black cat crossing your path is bad luck.
21. clumsy
- However, split infinitives tend to be clumsy and unnecessary.
22. hurdle
- There are four hurdles to jump.
- Look for questions with multiple hurdles.
23. abhor
- We believe we know that Americans abhor extremes and mistrust ideology
24. compromise
- I will never compromise the product.
- irrational asshole that doesn't compromise on anything.
- To avoid an argument, always be ready to seek compromise.
25. extravagant
- The film is notable for its extravagant settings and special effects.
26. indulge
- indulge in free bagels
26. indulgence
- No, You Don't Deserve That Indulgence Today
27. aquarium
- build an  Aquarium with sharks in it
28. stunned
- I was stunned and didn't know what to do next.
- I was stunned when it ended up being so valuable.
29. cruel,phenomenal
- There are some really phenomenal teachers.
- the phenomenal ability to remember the names of thousands of people
30. annul
- unfortunately, his arrogant attitude annuls the many generous favors he does for people
- Kenyan Supreme Court annuls presidential election in historic ruling

### 第18组 180330
1. steadfast
- There are no steadfast rules.
- Mark was steadfast about what wanted to do.
1. steadfastly
- He was steadfast in his support of the governor's policies.
2. avid
- I myself am an avid Kindle user and rarely read anything that's not on Kindle.
- avid blogger honing your grammar and punctuation skills
- avid for publicity/success.(urgently eager)
3. hone
- Hone your approach by thinking critically about the outcomes of your code reviews.
- The desire for variety is expected from a chef who's honed her skills across the country and landed in Cleveland just three years ago to accept a job at Michael Symon's esteemed Lola.
4. executive n. 行政人员
5. despair
- I was overcome by despair at being unable to find them.(n)
- Things look bad now, but don't despair.
6. cavalier
- They are too cavalier in their treatment of others.
- She has a cavalier attitude about spending money.
7. disdain
7. disdainful
- He looked at the waiter with a disdainful glare.
8. contempt
- He feels that wealthy people view him with contempt because he is poor.
9. debunk.
- The article debunks the notion that life exists on Mars.
- The results of the study debunk his theory.
10. sham.cheap falseness
- Many people believed he could help them, but I knew he was a sham.
11. vexing.adj. causing or likely to cause vexation
12. flaunt.bucket.
- She liked to flaunt her wealth by wearing furs and jewelry.
- Thus, when they see a candidate seems to flaunt which specific versions of a language they know, recruiters will often bucket the candidate as "not our kind of person:'
13. footage
14. dysfunctional.
15. procrastinate
- He procrastinated and missed the submission deadline.
- He told her to stop procrastinating and get to work.
16. sentiment
17. fudge(to avoid making a decision or giving a clear answer about something).
- Politicians have been known to fudge the issues.
18. padlock. 挂锁.
19. homage.
- It was nice to pay homage to him.
20. opinionated.
- Those talk shows want opinionated pundits, not cautious, diffident debaters.
21. idiomatic
22. friction
- Oil in a car engine reduces friction.
23. flaky
- flaky ideas about taxes.(crazy or eccentric)
24. relent(to give in to pressure; to become less severe or intense; to completely stop.)
25. relentless.showing or promising no abatement of severity, intensity, strength, or pace
- Her relentless optimism held the team together.
- Leaders have relentlessly high standards - many people may think these standards are unreasonably high.
26. unrelenting:not softening or yielding in determination
- that professor tends to be unrelenting about deadlines
27. fuzzy  n->fuzz
- Without my glasses everything looks fuzzy.
28. patriotic.patriot.
- Let’s think of the British government I’m always thinking about the British government part of my patriotic duty.
29. seasoned.
- it's also a good refresher for the seasoned Java developer.
30. lag.
- Java performance lagged well behind C++.

### 第17组 180323
1. monotone
- She spoke in a monotone voice.
2. nasty(bad or very unpleasant)
- That nasty old man yelled at me just for stepping on his lawn!
3. enunciate
- she enunciated each word slowly.
- So in his order, the judge wants to correctly enunciate the law.
4. enclose
- the entire estate was enclosed with walls
- She enclosed a photo with the card.
5. uptime
- We need to maximize network uptime.
6. agenda
- There are several items on the agenda for tonight's meeting.
7. commingle.
- Fact and fiction commingle in the story.
- the dust had commingled with the rain
- He commingled his personal funds with money from the business.
8. circumvent.
- He found a way to circumvent the law.
- Any solutions that attempt to circumvent the judge will result in disqualification.
9. ensemble.
- in the ensemble
- We went to listen to a new jazz ensemble.
10. timeliness:the fact or quality of being done or occurring at a favorable or useful time.
- managers were happy with the timeliness of the deliveries
11. atomicity
- A very simple consistency requirement is that of failure atomicity.
- The application either terminates normally, producing the intended results, or is aborted, producing no results at all.
12. connotation
- For many people, the word “fat” has negative connotations.
13. bootstrapping
- the company is bootstrapping itself out of a marred financial past
14. mistranslate
- He mistranslates the word for ‘love-sorcery worked with roots’, which he renders as ‘she should not be a scold
15. perceptions
- The show started off making fun of the goofy grandiosity of the tech industry, but the current perception of Silicon Valley is more critical.
16. Rarely
- Rarely, an individual might actively try to block the BA from working with the ideal contacts for some reason.
- I rarely drive above 60 mph
17. espouse
- The new theory has been espoused by many leading physicists.
- The premises of the on-site customer and close customer collaboration with developers that agile methods espouse certainly are sound.
18. apprentice
19. convene
- We convened at the hotel for a seminar.
- A world council was convened in Paris.
21. misfeed.
- a high-speed commercial scanner designed to reduce paper jams and misfeeds
22. plural.adj,n. 复数.
23. Thesaurus.词库. a book that lists words in groups of synonyms and related concepts.
24. synonyms and antonyms同义词和反义词.
25. protracted
- he had certainly taken his time, even protracting the process
26. lavatory.飞机上的洗手间.
27. piggyback
28. mutate
- technology continues to mutate at an alarming rate
29. rumble
- thunder rumbled, lightning flickered
30. malignant
- a powerful and malignant influence
- a highly malignant form of cancer

### 第16组 180319
1. nightingale n 夜莺
2. collateral
- Invention requires not having to live with the collateral damage of failed experiments.
3. vetting
3. vet
- I’d imagine that at first it would likely only be open to a family of well-vetted partners, providing more of a semi-private API for a controlled platform than an openly available public API.
- you're vetting a candidate.
3. vetted .veterinarian,veterinary. vt:to evaluate for possible approval or acceptance
- I have to take my dog to the vet.
- They vetted her thoroughly before offering her the job.
4. full-fledged
- coldlike symptoms that never quite develop into full-fledged colds
5. deferral/deferment. postponement
- Two dozen other states permit tax deferrals, according to the report.
6. outstrip
- The new hotel outstrips all other hotels in the area in size and luxury.
7. vaguely
- he vaguely remembered talking to her once
8. intonation
- she spoke English with a German intonation
9. masonic.共济会.
10. rollerblading.skateboarding
11. mandarin chinese
12. fiancée
13. perimeter. 周长
14. a bit contrived
15. auditorium礼堂
16. adverbial.状语.
17. obituary.讣告
18. fabulous
- He is making fabulous amounts of money.
- I had a fabulous time.The weather has been fabulous.
19. needy
-  needy and elderly people
20. prank. n. 恶作剧.
- John pranking me.

21. Rote.
- Rote learning. 死记硬背的学习.
- rote activity.
22. hypothesis.假设.
- Other chemists rejected his hypothesis.
23. toss.
- Do you really want to risk having your resume tossed for this reason?
- fair coin tossing
- She tossed the ball high in the air.
- She tossed the paper at the recycling bin.
- He tossed his dirty socks onto the floor.
- With so many applicants to wade through, recruiters and hiring managers may look for any excuse to toss your résumé.
24. utter
24. utterance.
25. sensical:nonsense
26. roared.
- The bear roared.
27. licorice. 甘草
28. sloppy
- This is sloppy. 这么做太草率.
- Your work has been very sloppy lately.
29. seesaw. 跷跷板.
30. bulky
- bulky packages might cost more to mail
- He was a bulky man, military, in his mid to late thirties.

### 第15组 180317
1. imbue.
- I spend a lot of time praying that they are imbued with greater wisdom.
- Those origins undoubtedly imbueed the company with a deep understanding of the importance of SEO.
2. deliveryman
3. handy.
- a handy desktop encyclopedia
- And if you're handy with phone wiring, it could be your big weekend.(skillful)
4. compose.
- the system is composed of a group of machines
5. avionics. 航空电子学
6. crafted.
- She crafted a strategy to boost the company's earnings.
7. apologetic
- They were apologetic about the error.We received an apologetic letter
7. unapologetically.in a manner that does not acknowledge or express regret.
- She was unapologetic about her remarks.
8. exigencies
- the exigencies requiring snap decisions that traders on the stock exchange face every day
9. proposition.
- a detailed investment proposition
- He made an attractive business proposition.
10. semantic
-  the process of semantic development
11. purport.
- Do you purport to spend the rest of your life on that couch, or do you think you might get a job someday?
- I do not understand the purport of your remarks
- Beware of users who purport to speak for a user class to which they do not belong.
12. intermediary.
- intermediaries between lenders and borrowers
13. liability
- your assets and liabilities. 你的资产和债务.
- The company is trying to limit its liability in this case.
14. acyclic
14. cyclic
- cyclic changes in the weather
15. asymmetric
16. symmetric
16. propagate
- the French propagated the idea that the English were violent and gluttonous drunkards
17. overlapping
- The roof shingles overlap each other
- Baseball season overlaps the football season in September.
- Some of their duties overlap.
18. interpose
- The new system has interposed a bureaucratic barrier between doctors and patients.
- He tried to interpose himself between the people who were fighting.
19. lodging.lodge
- they found a cheap lodging in a backstreet
- Several employees have lodged a complaint against you.
- I'd like to lodge a complaint.
20. headless
21. amalgam
- The layered pattern can be seen as the amalgam of several tactics
- an amalgam of musical forms
22. augment
- he augmented his summer income by painting houses
24. gauge
- besides getting a gauge of your energy and confidence levels.
- astronomers can gauge the star's intrinsic brightness
- He accurately gauged the mood of the voters.(estimate, judge )
25. magnitude.
-  a much smaller magnitude.
- If one appreciated a gift of such magnitude, then one would put up more of a fight before returning it.
26. noxious
- they were overcome by the noxious fumes
- mixing bleach and ammonia can cause noxious fumes that can seriously harm you
27. filthy
- a filthy hospital with no sanitation
28. pedigree
- Democracy's pedigree stretches back to ancient Greece
29. augmented
- augmented pensions for those retiring at 65
30. boilerplate
- boilerplate code
30. non-boilerplate.
- I'm going to copy this file so we don't have to rewrite that boilerplate and we'll paste it right in here.

### 第14组 180312
1. polymorphism.多态.
2. encapsulate
- The contaminated material should be encapsulated and removed.
3. spoiler.
- The review contains a few spoilers, so don't read it if you haven't seen the movie.
4. intuit.
- I intuited his real identity
- She intuited a connection between the two crimes.
5. drudgery.
- Use a tool—automation eliminates drudgery
6. Relieve.
- Relieve tension between customer/user and developers.Build trust on all sides.
- relieve you of your badge.收回你的工牌.
7. gallop.warp.
- Prevent scope creep (or gallop, or warp speed)
8. omission
- There are a few omissions in the list.
- Her omission from the team was surprising.
9. mnemonic
- To distinguish "principal" from "principle" use the mnemonic aid "the principal is your pal."
10. Firmware:固件.
11. freelance.
- a freelance journalist
12. intimidation
- intimidation  lawsuit.
12. intimidating.
- he tries to intimidate his rivals
13. substitute.
- theory is no substitute for practice.
- if you like, you can use nuts as a substitute for coconut in that recipe
- you'll be getting a substitute until your regular teacher is feeling better
- I found someone to substitute for me.
- soy milk is used as a substitute for dairy milk
14. conduit.
- The Analyst Role:Principal conduit between customer/user and developers
- water flowed along the conduit to the fountain
15. negation.
- evil is not merely the negation of goodness
- issued specific negations of all of the charges against her
16. half trousers.
17. biriyani
18. operand.操作数.
19. indenting 缩进.
20. glean.
- the information is gleaned from press clippings
21. apportion.
- voting power will be apportioned according to contribution
- we can apportion the money among/between us.
22. comprise.
- the country comprises twenty states
23. consist.
- The exhibition will consist of a wide range of products aimed at the construction industry.
24. imminent.
- These patients are facing imminent death.
- I am recording this video just before the imminent release of JAVA 10.
25. irrespective.
- Child benefit is paid irrespective of income levels
- But algorithms and data structures are the most basic thing.The algorithm remains same irrespective of programming language and the common data structures’ concept also remains the same in all languages, only implementation changes.
26. jurisdiction
- federal courts had no jurisdiction over the case
- His attorney claimed the court lacked jurisdiction in this matter.
27. defective
- This computer is defective. I want my money back.
- defective brakes
28. handicapped
- He has been handicapped since his motorcycle accident.
29. unoccupied stall
30. commonality (plural commonalities)
- a commonality of interest ensures cooperation
- one commonality between the two very different women is their passion for charity work

### 第13组 180307
1. italicize:set (text) in italics.
2. refrain.
- she refrained from comment
- I was going to make a joke but I refrained.
2. vending machine
3. akin
- something akin to gratitude overwhelmed her
- foxes are closely akin to dogs
- The two languages are closely akin.
4. variants
- A new variant of the disease has appeared.
5. assortment
- the room was filled with an assortment of clothes
6. assort
- assort these butterfly specimens according to geographic origin
6. granddaddy
- the granddaddy of all English mystery novels
7. inkling
- the records give us an inkling of how people saw the world
- Some things are universal about being a teenager: The budding sexuality and sense of identity, the dramatic emotions, the profound need for acceptance and confusing inklings of first love.
8. pendrive
9. pancake
10. omelet
11. muffin
12. toast
13. vanilla/strawberry
14. yet.
- conj:the path was dark, yet(but at the same time/but nevertheless) I slowly found my way.
15. vibrate.
- And it should vibrate. 指手机.
- When you blow into the instrument, the air vibrates the reed.
16. superb.
- a superb performance.
- They've done a superb job.
17. daunting.
- Few things are more daunting than having to speak in front of a large crowd.
18. hyphen(-)
19. right carrot
20. minutia.pl.minutiae
- He was bewildered by the contract's minutiae.
21. blazing.
- She runs with blazing speed.
- the blazing logs in the fireplace cast a warm glow on our holiday party
22. punctuation.
23. granularity.
24. precedent
- behavior that may be explained by a precedent event in her troubled life
25. malware
- Additionally, the administration alerted the public that Russia is targeting the U.S. energy grid with computer malware that could sabotage the systems.
26. toothpaste 牙膏.
27. mint flavor.薄荷味.
28. dartboard 飞镖.
29. dizzy
- The children were dizzy after spinning in circles.
- a dizzying mix of cloud apps.
30. simulate
30. simulated
- red ocher intended to simulate blood
- They are trained in simulated combat.

### 第12组 180305
1. relinquish.
- relinquish any of my shares in their company.
- She was forced to relinquish control of the project.
- The court ordered him to relinquish custody of his child.
2. eschew.
- he appealed to the crowd to eschew violence
- a psychologist who eschews the traditional methods of psychotherapy
3. landmark.
- In the landmark book The Mythical Man-Month.
4. eloquent
- eloquent presentation
4. eloquently.
- an eloquent writer and speaker, Elizabeth Cady Stanton was one of the founders of the women's rights movement
5. backbone
- She is the backbone of the family.
- He showed some backbone by refusing to compromise his values.
6. explicit
- They were given explicit instructions.
- the speaker's intentions were not made explicit
7. vigilance. adj : vigilant.
- Constant vigilance is the only possible response to the terrifying Rise of The Machines.
- Her group studied 27 subjects during four hours of simulated driving and found vigilance decreased in about 21 minutes on average.
8. vest
- Our packages include nice salaries,cash earn-outs,stock whick vests after only four years of working there.
- executive power is vested in the president
9. belie.
- The brilliance of the sun belied the low temperature.
10. arbitrate
- the board has the power to arbitrate in disputes
11. subsume.
- it is obvious that the later interval completely subsumes the previous interval.
- games and team sports are subsumed under the classification of “recreation”
- red, green, and yellow are subsumed under the term "color"
12. aplomb.
- He showed great aplomb in dealing with the reporters.
- you've handled a difficult situation with perfect aplomb
13. sanity
- The sanity of the decision was never in question.
14. ignorant.
- This is unbelievably patronising, ignorant and plain stupid.
15. outlay.
- direct outlay.
- But the costs of the conflict could go far beyond the hefty financial outlays .
16. pendant
17. necklace
18. bracelet
19. niece/nephew
20. stochastic.
- Stochastic arrival.
21. sporadic.
- Sporadic events.
22. intruder.
- detecting intruders
23. malicious.
- malicious behavior
24. revoke.
- The judge revoked her driver's license.
- Their privileges were revoked after they misbehaved.
25. conjecture
- conjectures about the newcomer were many and varied
- Most of the book is conjecture, not fact.
26. lackluster
- no excuses were made for the team's lackluster performance
27. contentment
- he found contentment in living a simple life in the country
27. contented
- The baby gave a contented burp.
- Our dog leads a happy and contented life.
28. sparing
29. resent
-I didn't steal the money I have. I resent being treated like I did.
29. resentment.
- his resentment at being demoted
- He's filled with resentment at his boss.
30. moisturizer lotion.

### 第11组 180227
1. quantifiable
- It is difficult to quantify intelligence.
2. inception.
- Since inception , the people in the group have taken their task most seriously.
- We'll assist you at every stage from inception to completion.
3. sustainment
4. continuum
- a state program that aims to provide a continuum of care for low-income residents facing addiction.
5. merits and demerits.
- the merits and demerits of these proposals
6. collocation.
- 700 common English verb collocations.
7. endow
- The money will be used to endow the museum and research facility.
8. coin
- Bruce Jay Nelson is generally credited with coining the term "remote procedure call"
9. extraneous.
- An unlocked phone also means cleaner software, with no extraneous apps pre-installed by your carrier.
- extraneous information.
10. unambiguous.明确的.
- instructions should be unambiguous
11. resent.
- She resented being told what to do.
12. reckless.
- He is a wild and reckless young man.
- It is our case that he was reckless and negligent in the way he drove.
13. perturb
- It perturbed him that his son was thinking about leaving school.
- the caller's strange remark perturbed me enough to keep me awake that night
14. caustic.
- She wrote a caustic report about the decisions that led to the crisis.
15. invective.
- an overbearing, bullying boss who is fond of sending invective e-mails to long-suffering assistants
16. hackle.
- The dog stared, ears flattening, and she saw his hackles rise along his spine.
18. delusion
17. visionary/delusional
- Then I guess you are truly delusional.痴心妄想.
- I think you're an arrogant prick.自大狂妄.
18. courtesy
- They treated us with courtesy and kindness.
19. The rookie.
- There are three rookies in the starting lineup.
20. logistics
- logistics teams
- the logistics of a political campaign
21. cozy
- The room was warm and cozy.
23. spotty -wifi
- students with spotty attendance records
24. foremost
- Safety is their foremost concern.
25. suppress
- Political dissent was brutally suppressed.
- The governor tried to suppress the news.
26. jealous
- They were jealous of his success.
27. awful
- the place smelled awful
28. parallelism
29. as.
adverb:used in comparisons to refer to the extent or degree of something.(比较)
conjunction:used to indicate that something happens during the time when something is taking place.(同时)
preposition:used to refer to the function or character that someone or something has.
noun:an ancient Roman copper coin.

### 第10组 180224
1. consensus.
- There is a lack of consensus among the citizens.
- We tried to get a consensus of opinion and it proved to be easier than I thought.
2. prorate.
- Your HW score must be B (80%) or higher to get a full credit for your self-evaluation;otherwise your collaboration score will be prorated.
3. gerund. 动名词.
4. infinitive. 不定式.
5. transitive verb. 及物动词.
6. intransitive verb. 不及物动词.
7. present participle. 现在分词.past participle过去分词.preposition.介词.conjunction. 连词.parentheses. 插入语.
8. independent sentences.独立的句子.
9. Glossary: 词汇表.
10. insofar
- But she does tie the philosophy to the facts of his life, insofar as we know them.
11. marshal
- She carefully marshaled her thoughts before answering the question.
- As fire marshal, I would have to.
12. inhibit.
- inhibitor(inhibitor is affordability)
- cold inhibits plant growth
- You shouldn't allow fear of failure to inhibit you.
13. grip
- The little boy gripped his mother's hand tightly.
14. invaluable,extremely useful; indispensable.
- Their help has been invaluable to us.
15. synergy.
- synergy!双赢.
- good teamwork creates synergy.
- A synergy has developed among the different groups working on this project.
16. vigorously.
- She remained vigorous into her nineties.
- His speech was met with vigorous applause.
17. heterogeneous.
- an ethnically heterogeneous population
19. scrutinize.
- Her performance was carefully scrutinized by her employer.
- After another silent scrutinization , the woman seemed to relent.
20. ramification
- The early design decisions constrain the decisions that follow, and changing these decisions has enormous ramifications.
- They discussed the possible ramifications [=consequences] of the new treaty.
21. ripple->tsunami
22. in-kind 实物的,非现金的.always used before a noun US.: made up of something other than money.
- The charity also accepts in-kind donations such as food or clothing.
23. sapling.: a young tree
24. meager/copious.
- She came to this country with a fairly meager English vocabulary, but she is learning more words every day.
- The storm produced a copious amount of rain.
- she took copious notes
25. cyclone. chiefly US : tornado
26. sprinkle(sprinkle vt: to scatter in drops or particles),concerted
- Even if being warm and friendly doesn't come naturally to you, you can still make a concerted effort to sprinkle in positive remarks throughout the interview.
26. sprinkler.洒水器.
- He sprinkled water on the plants.
- “Is it raining?” “It's just sprinkling a little.”
27. hose. pl: hoses.a long, usually rubber tube that liquids or gases can flow through
28. synopsis
- synopsis outline
- I don't need to know every little plot twist; just give me a synopsis of the movie.
29. delineate
- The report clearly delineates the steps that must be taken.
30. monetize

### 第9组 180216
1. jitter.
- The jitter of the response
- Do you know the best way to calm your pre-interview jitters?
2. antarctica n:南极洲
3. consonant 辅音.
4. vowels 元音.
5. bonus.
- And, as an extra added bonus , he can actually do the job.
6. tip of the tongue.舌尖.
7. rewind
- Rewind the tape so that we can hear that song again.
8. didactic
9. phonetic,adj,of or relating to speech sounds.
10. coca-cola
11. regiment
12. confess.
- I must confess that I half believed you
13. exhausted/panting
- I mean I was just exhausted, totally exhausted. I could barely walk up a flight of stairs without panting and wheezing.
- I'm so exhausted. 我太累了.
14. exhaustive
- The list was long but not exhaustive.
- they must be exhaustive,that is cover all possibilities.
16.  Proof-read .校对.
17. epilogue. n.结语.
18. resilient
- how resilient it must be to erroneous input
19. erroneous.
20. purview
- The case is within the court's purview.
- That question is outside my purview.
21. unambiguous
22. encryption/decryption
23. gigabytes
24. thumbnail
- You can see a larger version of the picture by clicking on the thumbnail.
25. portability. 可移植性.
26. barcode. 条码
27. footage .镜头.
28. quasi  prefix.seemingly; apparently but not really.quasi-American
29. disgruntled/gruntled
- one disgruntled former employee.
30. repudiate.
- He has publicly repudiated the government's policies.

### 第8组 180211
1. ascribe to
- ascribed their stunning military victory to good intelligence beforehand
2. autonomy
- a teacher who encourages individual autonomy
- The territory has been granted autonomy.
3. holistic
- We need to take a more holistic approach to improving our schools.
4. prescribes
- This drug should not be prescribed to children.
5. overarch
6. granularity
7. granular
9. heuristic
- a heuristic computer program
- As we’ve seen, recursion is a pretty good heuristic in this case.
11. annexe

10. annex
- Many privileges were annexed exclusively to royalty.
- The government planned to annex the islands.
11. redeem
- He wants to redeem his reputation.
- The company redeemed some of its stock.
12. dude
13. underpin
- The result is a rapid growth curve to underpin the Facebook messaging masterplan.
- a wall underpinned by metal beams
14. camaraderie.
- the enforced camaraderie of office life
- There is great camaraderie among the teammates.
15. gastronome. a gourmet.
16. interoperability
17. biscuit
18. wordy
- The original script was too wordy.
19. colon  punctuation :
20. practitioner
- a French doctor who was once the most famous practitioner of natural childbirth
21. allure
- was so allured by his sister's college roommate that before long he was asking her for a date
22. drowsy.sleepy.
23. scorch.The meat will scorch.肉要烤焦了.
24. sleepyhead.
25. sitcom.
26. scum
26. scammer.
- She was the victim of an insurance scam.
27. cafeteria.
28. supper,supperless
29. wastage.
- the wastage of natural resources.It could also reduce food wastage which is estimated to cost at least 10 billion yuan every year.
30. Intranet .  intranets and extranets

### 第7组
1. subordinate clause
2. syntactic
- syntactic sugar
3. underbrush
4. heed
- She failed to heed the warnings.
- if we had heeded the ranger's advice, we might not have gotten lost
5. syndrome
6. rational
6. rationale
- the rationale for starting the school day an hour later is that kids will supposedly get an extra hour of sleep.
7. concurrence
- The concurrence of heavy rain and strong winds delayed the plane's departure.
- looked for some sign of concurrence among the delegates to the conference
8. ledger
9. equity
- I could even take less salary and more equity.
- I should get more equity than Dinesh.
- In making these decisions we should be governed by the principle of equity.
10. matrices
12. pertinent
- he impressed the jury with his concise, pertinent answers to the attorney's questions
13. preliminary
- a meeting to discuss seating arrangements that was merely a preliminary to the formal negotiating sessions
14. liaison
- Administrators need to establish a close liaison with employees.
- he's our liaison with a number of interested parties
15. elicit
- I want you to just react to whatever this not elicits.
15. elicitation
16. tabular
- Results can be viewed graphically, printed or recorded as tabular data.
17. traverse
- light rays traversing a crystal.
18. metabolic
20. practicality
21. wizard
- He is a wizard at math.
- A web site can have novice users, and a wizard makes complex tasks seem easy
23. portfolio
- But when you combine our portfolios, Peter Gregory and I account for billions of dollars in assets.
24. viable
- He could not suggest a viable alternative.
25. novelty
- a novelty teapot
- Electric-powered cars are still novelties.
26. plumbing
- The house has old plumbing.
27. infringe
- To see if you're infringing on any copy righted material.
27. infringement
- To search for copyright infringements.
- any government action limiting freedom of speech is an infringement of the U.S. Constitution
- this bill is an infringement of our civil liberties
28. thereof
- We can also try to be more honest about our contribution, or lack thereof .
29. depicts
- Angels are usually depicted with wings.
30. herein
- For an explanation of the abbreviations used herein, see the section entitled “Abbreviations in this Work.”

### 第6组
1. laborious
- The colourful faces are the result of laborious work.
- the volunteers have been commendably laborious in their cleanup of the beach
2. ramp.
- a wheelchair ramp
3. flout.
- Despite repeated warnings, they have continued to flout the law.
4. thrash.pistol.
- He thrashed me with his belt.
- After thrashing him, one of the youths pulled a pistol and shot him in the stomach.
5. spiral
6. amortize.
- they want to amortize the tooling costs quickly
- amortized time complexity 均摊时间复杂度
7. parenthetical
8. parentheses:括号. ()
10. dash
11. unremitting
- She was recognized for her unremitting efforts to improve the lives of people in her city.
- unremitting rain that lasted for six days
12. transistors
13. anomaly
- her C grade is an anomaly, as she's never made anything except A's and B's before
14. fidelity.
- Marriage is still glamorous and still thought to include, as an aspiration, lifelong sexual fidelity .
- they have never wavered in their fidelity to the cause of freedom
15. abound.
- They live in a region where oil abounds.
- a city that abounds with art museums and private galleries
16. trap
16. trapdoor
17. impede.
- He claims that economic growth is being impeded by government regulations.
- The soldiers could not impede the enemy's advance.
18. physics
19. physicist
21. unify
- The creation of the national railroad system unified the country.
22. supersede.
- In the commercial world new technologies supersede the old.
- This edition supersedes the previous one.
23. infrequent.
- My lawn didn't require cutting as often because rain fell infrequently .
24. malleable
-  infinitely malleable.无限可塑
25. dampen.
- nothing could dampen her enthusiasm
- Unequal co-founder relationships are a way to dampen future co-founder issues.
26. inexorable.
- the inexorable rise of a political movement
27. omissions
- There are a few omissions in the list.
28. molecules
- There is not a molecule of evidence to support these charges.
29. schematics.
- a schematic diagram of their business model
30. superimpose
- A triangle superimposed on an inverted triangle forms a six-pointed star.

###  第5组
1. discrepancy.
- there's a discrepancy between your account and his
- Discrepancies in the firm's financial statements led to an investigation.
2. plagiarism
- The student has been accused of plagiarism.
3. expulsion
- The government engaged in mass expulsions.
4. fraudulent
- Corrupt leaders were chosen in a fraudulent election.
5. tamper.
- someone tampered with the brakes on my car
- One count of aggravated vehicular homicide and the charge of tampering with evidence was dismissed.
6. deem.
- the event was deemed a great success
- The principal will take whatever action she deems appropriate in this case.
7. preparedness
- The military is in a state of preparedness.
8. closure.
- no closure. 没有结局.
- The government forced the closure of the factory.
- It is an attempt to speed the process along so we can bring it to closure .
9. disclosure
- non-disclosure agreement.保密协议
- We demand full disclosure of the facts.
9. tentative
- We have tentative plans for the weekend.
- the baby's first tentative steps
10. provision
- That was the provision.条款就是这么说的.
10. provisional(temporary,tentative)
- The government has given provisional approval for the use of the new drug.
11. surveillance
- you're doing email surveillance.
- The bank robbery was recorded by surveillance video cameras.
12. credible
- We've received credible information about the group's location.
13. luncheon.a formal lunch, or a formal word for lunch.
- The luncheon is for the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
14. comedian
- You'll like my friend. He's a real comedian.
15. de-facto 实际上
- with the death of his father, he became the de facto head of the family
16. distill
- They distill the whiskey from malted barley.
17. presuppose
- the book presupposes its readers will already know something about the subject
18. tame
- He struggled to tame his temper.
19. preclude.
- Illness precludes 
- his difficulties preclude him from leading a normal life
20. unthinkable
- to most people it seemed unthinkable that such a gentle man could be guilty of such awful crimes
21. repertoire
- He has a limited repertoire when it comes to cooking.
- The band's repertoire includes both classic and modern jazz.
22. copious.
- The storm produced a copious amount of rain.
23. procure.
- However, the couple was reportedly being made to jump through hoops in order to procure the necessary paperwork.
- he procured his wife to sign the agreement
24.bottleneck
- performance bottlenecks
25. enumerate
- Let me enumerate my reasons for doing this.
26. tradeoffs
- the education versus experience trade-off which governs personnel practices.
27. mediocre.
- The news said that your tech is mediocre.
- The dinner was delicious, but the dessert was mediocre.
28. interim
-  In the interim(在过渡期)
- there was a brief interim in the proceedings while everyone got organized
- there is no question that the work on the North Side will enhance everyone’s use and experience of the Library,” wrote Emily Miller Bonney, interim library dean, in an announcement on the library’s website.
29. testimonials
- Social media is filled with inspiring weight loss testimonials.
30. stake
- She staked the tomatoes to keep them from falling over.

### 第4组
1. trek
- We trekked across the country in her old car.
- Our car broke down and we had a long trek back to town.
2. autism
3. pretentious
- Are people rich and pretentious?
4. cutthroat
- Competition in China is to cutthroat.
- while traveling the ancient Silk Road, traders were constant prey to cutthroats and thieves
5. legitimately:adv,合理地.legitimate adj,conforming to the law or to rules. v,make legitimate; justify or make lawful.
- money earned legitimately [=legally] a question that can be legimately asked
6. monolith,n,可数,formed of a single large block of stone.
7. spaghetti,n,意大利面.
8. exceptional
- You are doing an exceptional  job.
8. exceptionally: to a greater degree than normal; unusually.
- an exceptionally difficult task
9. delineation
- his simple but striking delineations of Dutch landscapes
10. inadvertently:adv,without intention; accidentally.
- an inadvertent encounter with a rattlesnake in the brush
11. Pseudo-code: 伪代码.
12. integers, or floating point.,negatives,positives,正负数.
13. equation
14. unidirectional:adj,moving or operating in a single direction.
- In both cases, movement is unidirectional, as in, everyone is trying to move in the same direction.
15. reconcile:v,restore friendly relations between.
- But most tend to reconcile conflicts through heart-to-heart talks.
- It can be difficult to reconcile your ideals with reality.
16. recap:n,a summary of what has been said; a recapitulation.
          v,state again as a summary; recapitulate.
- recapping a company is complex.让一个企业重生十分复杂.
17. verbatim:adv,in exactly the same words as were used originally.逐字地
- Some passages in the book are taken verbatim from the blog …
- don't read it verbatim.
18. apricot:n,杏.
19. construe:v,interpret (a word or action) in a particular way.
- The way the court construes various words has changed over time.
20. wholly,adv,entirely; fully.
- An infant is wholly dependent on its mother.
21. concomitant.
- The drug's risks increase with the concomitant use of alcohol.
22. esoteric.
- metaphysics is such an esoteric subject that most people are content to leave it to the philosophers
23. cartridge
24. rinse.
- I gave my hands a quick rinse.always rinse your hair thoroughly.
- I rinsed my face in the sink.
25. ergonomi
- Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 for Business - Wired
26. remainders.
- He was returned to prison to serve the remainder of the seven-year sentence.
- He devoted the remainder of his life to other literary projects and died in 1903 of cancer.
27. tout.
- The company is running advertisements touting the drug's effectiveness.
28.  ware
- She sold her wares at the market.
29. payoff
- You'll have to work hard but there'll be a big payoff in the end.
- We made a lot of sacrifices with little payoff.
30. money sign

### 第3组 2018-02-02
1. provocative:adj,causing annoyance, anger, or another strong reaction, especially deliberately.
- a provocative question
2. sift
- The police sifted the evidence in hopes of finding a clue.
4. wisdom:n,the quality of having experience, knowledge, and good judgment; the quality of being wise.
- a young person of great wisdom
5. dumb:adj ① (of a person) unable to speak, most typically because of congenital deafness. ②  stupid
6. intent extraction
7. entrepreneur
8. appendage
- The court system acts as an appendage to the government.
9. glaring
10. mediate
- has a black-and-white view of human nature, believing that there is no mediate state between good and evil(adj)
- He has been appointed to mediate the dispute.
12. taxonomy
- the taxonomies of various plant groups
13. rationalism
- But rationalism has provided a new spin on this old debate.
14. wallet
- He pulled a few bills out of his wallet.
15. slap
- I'm tired of getting slapped for it.
- She slapped him across the face.
- He slapped me on the back and said “Good job!”.
16. transcend
- music that transcends cultural boundaries
17. ain't,contraction,am not; are not; is not.
- It ain't’ perfect but it’s better than what's out there
18. disembody
19. antiquated
- Everything you're doing here is antiquated.
- adj,old-fashioned or outdated.过时的,Downloading an app will be antiquated.
20. neuron:n,可数,神经元.a specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses; a nerve cell.
21. tether
- the horse had been tethered to a pos
22. leverage
- The player's popularity has given him a great deal of leverage with the owners of the team.
- How to leverage all the cool features of viscose.
23. lever:n,杠杆.
24. fallacy:the notion that the camera never lies is a fallacy谬论.
- The fallacy of their ideas about medicine soon became apparent.
25. toilet paper:卫生纸.
26. paper towels:纸巾.
26. enthusiast n,可数,发烧友.a person who is highly interested in a particular activity or subject.
27. hone: v, ① sharpen (a blade). ② refine or perfect (something) over a period of time.
- In general, early debates largely serve as a helpful dress rehearsal for candidates to hone their skills before voters really start to tune into the upcoming elections.
28. dork:a dull, slow-witted, or socially inept person. 白痴.
- I look like a complete dork in these clothes.
- Don't be suck a dork.
29. procrastination ,n,拖延.the action of delaying or postponing something.
- He procrastinated and missed the submission deadline.
30. cliffhanger,n,可数,悬念.an ending to an episode of a serial drama that leaves the audience in suspense.

### 第2组
1. patrol
2. Not eligible for traffic school.
3. pavilion:n,a building or similar structure used for a specific purpose, in particular.
4. miscellaneous:(of items or people gathered or considered together) of various types or from different sources.杂项
- a miscellaneous collection of tools
5. calibrate
- v,mark (a gauge or instrument) with a standard scale of readings.
6. “When was the last time you calibrate your radar gun？”（你上一次校准你的雷达是什么时候？）
7. "Were you moving when you clocked my speed?" （当你记录我速度的时候你有在移动吗？）
8. odometer reading:里程表
9. 现场(On-site),场外(Off-site)
10. Enforcement Hours执法时间.
11. Intersession:a short period between university terms, sometimes used by students to engage in projects outside the normal academic program.
12. Payroll Deduction:工资扣除
13. delinquent:adj,(typically of a young person or that person's behavior) showing or characterized by a tendency to commit crime, particularly minor crime.
- His delinquent behavior could lead to more serious problems.
14. Notice of Delinquent 发出欠款通知
15. forge:v,produce a copy or imitation of (a document, signature, banknote, or work or art) for the purpose of deception.
- forge a document forge a signature
- As we forge our new path together.既然我们要共同开辟新的道路
16. allotted time period:
17. paying or contesting the tickets.
18. immobilize:prevent (something or someone) from moving or operating as normal.
- I was immobilized by fear.
19. license plate:牌照.
20. biographical information (e.g. full name, address, country of birth, etc.)
21. reinstate/reinstitute:restore (someone or something) to their former position or condition.
- After his name was cleared, he was reinstated as committee chairperson.
- The school board voted to reinstate the school's uniform policy.
- reinstituting casual friday?
22. premium:
- Car insurance premiums
- Health insurance premiums went up again this year.
- lavish feasts at which premium wines flowed freely
23. counterfeit:adj made in exact imitation of something valuable or important with the intention to deceive or defraud. n :a fraudulent imitation of something else; a forgery.
- The concert ticket is counterfeit.
- counterfeit currency that had been passed all over town
24. arboretum:a botanical garden devoted to trees.植物园
- Hundreds of bee-friendly plants will be available at the arboretum's spring sales.
25. testimonial,n,可数,a formal statement testifying to someone's character and qualifications.推荐.
- He received a glowing testimonial from his former employer.
26. testify:v,give evidence as a witness in a law court. 作证.
- She refused to testify about who had given her the information.
27. Downtime:time during which a machine, especially a computer, is out of action or unavailable for use.
28. stipend:a fixed regular sum paid as a salary or allowance.助学金.
- He receives a small stipend for his work as a research fellow.
29. parenthesis pl:parentheses
30. fumble
- They fumbled a good opportunity to take control of the market.
- How Apple Fumbled The Voice First Future?

### 第1组
1. tow: 拖车。
2. honk: v按喇叭。（make or cause to make a honk.）
- I honked at the car in front of me.
3. horn: n 喇叭。
3. brother in law: 姐夫。
4. Manuel transmission vehicle 手动挡汽车。
5. rear-view mirror.后车镜。
6. He pulled out into the street. 他把车开到了街上。
7. rear-end collisions追尾碰撞
8. jerky:adj characterized by abrupt stops and starts..  ② contemptibly foolish.
9. parking lot driving:停车场驾驶
10. destination trip:目的地之旅
11.  do it with conviction.
12. tailgate:v:drive too closely behind another vehicle.
- He hit the car in front of him because he was tailgating.
13. speedometer:车速表
14. gas pedal:油门踏板
15. upper torso:上部躯干
- stab him in the lower torso.
16. amenable:adj:(of a person) open and responsive to suggestion; easily persuaded or controlled.
- whatever you decide to do, I'm amenable—just let me know
17. On the benefits side，On the costs side。
18. benefit to cost ratio
19. straddle:跨
20. blink
20. blinker:a device that blinks, especially a vehicle's turn signal.(信号灯)
21. emergency brake:手刹
22. outage:n,a period when a power supply or other service is not available or when equipment is closed down.
23. manpower:the number of people working or available for work or service. eg:the police had only limited manpower
24. tentative schedule:暂定时间表
25. faucet:a device by which a flow of liquid or gas from a pipe or container can be controlled; a tap.
水龙头
26. approachable:① friendly and easy to talk to. ② (of a place) able to be reached from a particular direction or by a particular means.
27. infraction:a violation or infringement of a law, agreement, or set of rules.
- speeding is only a minor infraction, but vehicular homicide is a serious felony
28. misdemeanor:a minor wrongdoing.
- But that same month, Avelica’s lawyers contested his misdemeanor convictions, arguing that he hadn’t been adequately advised about the immigration consequences.
29. plead:v,make an emotional appeal.
- Plead Guilty and Pay the Fine：认罪并付钱了事
- He begged and pleaded, but she would not change her mind.
30. a traffic citation:a summons.


================================================================================================
### 1
1. hustle
- I hustled up the stairs.
2. sage
- I need your sage advice.
3. impartial
- Everyone,bear in mind once again that whatever Hank says goes. He is an impartial third party.
4. collate
- They are still collating the data.
5. encumber
- Lack of funding has encumbered the project.
6. taper
7. reminiscent
9. whiny/whine
- The review is way too whiny in my opinion.
- He's always whining about the weather.
- Save your whining for the jury there.
9. parcel
- parcel sth up
- Parcel up the books and we'll send them off tomorrow.
10. impulse
- He has to learn to control his impulses.
- Uber is an impulse purchase. A quick tap can cost you $20.
10. impulsive
- I bought it kind of impulsively.
11. splatter
- Rain splattered against the windows.
12. pristine
- My office is a mess but her office is always pristine.
13. cathartic
14. cleanse(body)
- cleansing the skin
15. desirable
- The house is in a highly desirable location.
16. slate
- We are slated for cool, wet weather this weekend.
- She is slated to become the company's next president.
17. interrogate/interrogation
- Officers, Are you sure you don't want to interrogate him?
18. principled
19. downhill
- It is easier to ride a bike downhill than uphill.
20. stump
- The question completely stumped the contestant.
21. spike
- The server’s CPU load spikes, and you have to figure out why.
22. effortless
23. cuckold
- You've been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male.
24. catharsis/catharctic
25. contemplative
- She's in a contemplative mood today.
26. icky
- an icky taste.
27. contraction
- She felt contractions every two minutes.
28. ripen
- You can ripen the fruit by placing it in a paper bag and storing it at room temperature for a few days.
29. stratification
- social stratification
30. abrasive
- A number of your clients found your personal style abrasive and distasteful.

### 2
1. queasy
- The boat ride made me a little queasy.
2. tireless
- Tony is a tireless worker.
3. verdict
- The jury reached a guilty verdict.
4. bury
- If your strategy is to just bury your head into the sand and ignore all of that.you're going to miss out on all of it.
5. restrain
- (Social media) you're restraining your use but getting what value you can from them.
6. flirt
- flirt with something
- He likes to flirt.
- He flirts with every attractive woman he meets.
8. horny/horniness
9. smother
- He tried to smother her with  a pillow.
10. commemorate
11. leak
- I leaked Knowledge to TechCrunch.
12. rationalize
- He couldn't rationalize buying such an expensive car.
13. scar
- This incident scarred me,up until a year ago when I was very apprehensive about putting myself out in the public light with businness.
14. flounder
- I floundered on this project.

16. immortalize
- The explorers were immortalized when the mountains were named after them.
17. insubordinate
- Well,you know Stanley was openly insubordinate.
18. josh
- We were joshing around, the two of us.
19. tow
- It will be towed by a donkey.
20. diss
21. sass
- Don't you sass your father like that!
22. swamp
- I know you were swamped.
23. restless
- He started to feel restless and discontent in his job.
24. nag
- My wife nags me about my busy work schedule.
- Quit nagging! I already said I'm not going.
25. skeptical
- I'm skeptical that he can win.
26. theoretical
- Instead of debating theoretical scenarios, we agreed that if 10% of people used it post-launch that we would keep the feature.
27. frenetic
- The celebration was noisy and frenetic.
28. idolize
- It was strange but idolized our leader.
29. generic
- Just a very generic animal.
30. resurrect
- Her reputation has been resurrected(restored).

### 3
1. fizzle
- The project ended up fizzling.
2. shiny
3. crave
- Look Men are visual creatures We crave beauty.
4. renowned
5. fuss
6. sarcastic
- Ryan has done a very good job. And I'm not applauding sarcastically.
7. molest
- He was sent to jail for molesting children.
8. unripe
- unripe fruit
9. carnal
10. deport/deportation
- SHe is now facing deportation.
11. badger
12. swivel
13. feisty
- She's gorgeous and she's got a feisty personality.
14. capsize
- Would an average-sized rowboat support her without capsizing?
15. frosty
- a frosty night.
16. messy
- a very messy room
17. blunt
- scissors with blunt.
18. innocent
- He says that he is innocent of the crime.
19. showy
- non-showy cars
20. desecrate
- I am not gonna judge Phyllis for desecrating Christmas.
21. hammered
22. expel
- Probably gotten expelled if I'd let it affect my grades, but I aced all my courses.
23. voluntarily
- They have to do it voluntarily.
24. milieu
- No matter the cultural milieu, I will always be there to bring you some Christmas cheer.
25. tacky
- You won't be able to plan your stupid, tacky parties anymore.
26. outlast
- Can China outlast Trump?
27. seduce
- Let me seduce her.
28. dignify
29. entrenched
30. amuse

### 4.
1. berserk
2. coddle
3. resuscitate
4. petrified
5. precious
6. chuckle
- She chuckled at the memory of what he had said.
7. goof
- Honestly,If you spent as much time selling as you do goofing around with Dwight and hanging out at Reception. We wouldn't be having this conversation.
8. goofy(crazy or silly)
- SHe was making goofy faces at us in class.
9. grit(mental toughness and courage)
- Grit, combined with a willingness to learn and retrospect.
10. gritty(having or showing a lot of courage and determination)
- I admire her gritty determination to succeed.
11. mischievous
- a mischievous child/smile
12. doodle
- She doodled in her notebook instead of taking notes.
13. dodge
- He dodged the first punch but was hit by the second.
- She dodged through the crowds as she hurried home.
14. braise
- He braised the beef in a wine sauce.
15. hump
- That one ugly cat is humping Princess Lady!
16. simmer
- simmer down
17. cruise
- We cruised for a week down the Yangtze River.
18. shattered
19. amass
- By the time he was 21, he had already amassed a great fortune.
20. vin di cate/vindication
- She will be completely vindicated by the evidence.
21. anticlimactic/anticlimax
22. climactic
23. elate/elated
- The discovery has elated researchers.
- She was elated at the news.
24. pinch
- pinch me.
25. dissipate
- The fog should dissipate soon.
26. dump
- They dumped(left) their friends at the party and went home.
27. sassy(having or showing a rude lack of respect)
- sassy children
28. jolly
- Feisty So she's not jolly or sassy?
29. watery
- Those big watery red eyes.
30. grabby
- You need to learn to share and not be so grabby.

### 5.
1. repercussion(consequences)
- You can expect these kind of repercussions as long as you keep trying poach our people.
2. simultaneous
3. jaded
- He became jaded from years of work as a police officer.
4. acquainted
- Are you acquainted with the facts in this case?
- Are you two acquainted?
5. flustered(upset or nervous)
6. witty(funny and clever)
- a witty talk/remark
6. smirk
- She smirked at the thought of how this would hurt him.
7. infamous
- a city infamous for poverty and crime.
8. inferior/inferiority
- inferior
9. hungover
- That was a great party last night, but I'm (feeling) really hungover this morning.
10. standoffish
- she tends to be a bit standoffish with strangers.
11. emblazon
- The team's name was emblazoned on their helmets.
12. evade
- To be innovative in our work, we need to evade the limitations of established thinking.
13. parasitic
- Either way, these loops are often parasitic and limiting.
14. condemn
- Anytime we seek to escape dogma, they are there to ridicule and condemn us.
15. crap
- This car is crap.
16. scrap
- Before we launched Gmail, many people inside of Google thought that the whole project should be scrapped.
17. improbable
- Accepting it as a gift, however improbable that may seem at the time.
18. extrinsic
- One of the problems with having a goal-oriented,extrinsic mindset is that it treats the time between now and task completion as an annoying obstacle to be endured.
19. subconscious
- Subconsciously, you may also compensate by choosing smaller, more realistic goals, and that's unfortunate.Plus, it's unpleasant.
20. whip
- When I was working long hours at Google, it wasn't because they were whipping us to work harder.
21. heroic
- It was heroic of those women to fight for the right to vote.
22. disregard
- Maintain a healthy disregard for the impossible.
- Please disregard what I said before.
23. myopic
- But that myopic view misses out on the larger purpose and mission of the machine.
- He has criticized the government's myopic(shortsighted) diplomatic policies.
24. crumble
- My world felt like it was crumbling(disintegrated).
25. swerve
- The car swerved(turned) sharply to avoid hitting the deer.
- I swerved into the parking lot and told the guy behind the counter I was fired and if I could borrow a phone.
26. casualty
- My living situation was another casualty in addition to the majority of my social life.
27. religious
- They used the site religiously and I had to lie and tell them that things were great.
28. scorch
- Dinner is a bit scorched.(burned)
29. sulk
- She has been sulking all day.
30. dread
- She dreaded going to piano lessons.


### 6
1. captivate/captivating
- What's so captivating? 什么这么有趣?
- The play has been captivating audiences for years.
2. complacent(self-satisfied)
- We have grwon too complacent over the years.
3. shabby
- The furniture was old and shabby.
4. titillate
- a film made to titillate the audience.
5. introverted/introvert
- an introverted person
6. grief
- I'm in grief.
7. peep(peek)
- I heard that you were peeping on Michael.
8. euthanize/euthanasia
- a physician who refuses to practice euthanasia.
9. deform
- The disease eventually causes the bones to deform.
10. illiterate
- an illiterate person.
11. discontent
- The survey indicates public discontent with the current administration.
12. brew
- discontent is brewing.
13. touchy
- Don't be so touchy.(sensitive). I was just kidding.
14. revere
- In fact, many cultures revere old people.
15. nauseous
- I began to feel nauseous.
16. stiff
- stiff,lifeless body.
17. repulsive
- I now find you repulsive.
18. allergic
- I'm allergic to cats.
19. meteoric
- I'm not saying I had a meteoric rise.
20. spacious
- New York's great, but spacious it is not.
- a spacious room
21. downplay
- The government has been trying to downplay the crisis.
22. conventional(traditional or usual)
- The conventional wisdom of the time was that search was neither important,nor valuable.
23. hurl
- The protesters hurled insults at us.
24. impale
- Not to show up to work.
- My guess-- he's either deeply depressed Or an icicle has snapped off His roof and impaled his brain.
25. elope
- Pam and I have eloped.
26. ladylike
27. smack
- What we have here is the ultimate smackdown between the Nard-Dog and crippling despair, loneliness, and depression.
28. theatrical
29. impregnate
- My husband impregnated me.
30. predicament
- Ryan was in a predicament when he realized he hadn't studied.

### 7
1. speculate
- I don't know why she did it - I'm just speculating.
2. apprehensive
- Matt was apprehensive about starting in a new school this year.
3. ravenous
- John was ravenous by lunch time since he didn't eat breakfast.
4. inquire
- Ms.Little inquired about which students did their homework.
5. suspicious
- Mrs.Braun had a suspicious feeling about the stranger in the parking lot.
6. comical
- The dog looked comical when he was running from the cat.
7. incompetent
- The boy felt incompetent when he was unable to climb the tall tree with his friend.
8. enthusiastic
- We are all enthusiastic about participating in field day.
9. deceive
- Dr.John was disappointed that the student tried to deceive her.
10. linger(To stay behind,hang back)
-  His unhappiness/resentment lingered on.
- The smell from the fire still lingered days later.
11. consolidated
- As media power becomes consolidated , the potential for abuse becomes more serious.
12. reconciliation
- It took hours of negotiations to bring about a reconciliation between the two sides.
13. dexterity/dexterous
- a dexterous movement
- mental dexterity.
14. fracture
- She fractured her skull in the accident.
15. spurn
- Did she spurn your advances?
16. fungal
- a fungal infection
17. sob
- I found her sobbing in the bedroom because she'd broken her favourite doll.
18. curse
- This office is cursed.
19. superstitious
- Some people are superstitious about spilling salt on the table.
20. eradicate
- A disease that has been largely eradicated in the U.S.
21. chafe(rub)
22. exhilarate
- Achieving my weight loss goal is sure to exhilarate me.
23. outlandish
- She liked to dress in outlandish clothes.
24. expansive(talking a lot)
- He was in an expansive mood on the night of the party.
25. haggle
- It's traditional that you haggle over/about the price of things in the market.
26. commensurate
- a salary that is commensurate with skills and experience
27. disservice
- Calling him a liar does him a great disservice.
28. ecstatic
29. obscene
- the watermark was obscene and horrifying
30. ultimatum
- He gave her an ultimatum - she could either stop seeing Peter and come back to him or it was divorce.


### 8
1. misogynistic
2. masculine
3. intramural
4. perplex
- Joey was perplexed by the poor directions.
5. jubilant
- There was a jubilant feeling in Philadelphia when the Eagles won the Superbowl.
6. devoted
- The students of Hillside are devoted Eagles fans.
7. livid
- I was livid when the dog ruined the project I spent three weeks building.
8. aggravate
- Tom was aggravating Paige when he wouldn't stop talking while she was reading.
9. bustling
- The stores are bustling with shoppers returning holiday gifts.
10. throttle
- throttle users based on their allocated quota.
11. savour
- Bar Raisers are known not to jump from one question to another, but savour hearing every applicable detail of your story in the Amazon interview process.
12. ferocious
- Amazon strongly believes that with the expansion rate of the company, the only way they can keep the company culture alive is by ferociously guarding their 14 leadership principles.
13. prattle
- Try not to prattle on with your answers. Keep them short and to the point.
14. surmountable
- Any challenge or difficult situation is always surmountable, once you apply yourself and play to your teams strengths.
15. confrontational
- We cannot afford to have confrontational situations.
16. tactful
- Mentioning his baldness wasn't very tactful.
17. conversant
- I'm not conversant with the rules of chess.
18. attainable
- make the goal attainable.
19. inclined
- No one seemed inclined to help.
20. blatant
- His behavior showed a blatant lack of respect.
21. escalate
- How to know when it’s time to escalate an issue to your manager
22. muster
- He finally mustered(up) the courage to ask her on a date.
23. permissive
- Amazon has been traditionally been quite permissive when it comes to English speaking skills.
24. transpose
25. plausible
26. prodigious
- (amazoning or wonderful: very impressive.)a prodigious achievement/effort/talent
- (very big)a prodigious amount
27. shed
- Continually shedding the limitations of outdated thinking.
28. grok(to understand something)
- There was a lot to grok.
29. lull
- The music lulled him to sleep.
30. disparate
- The two cultures were so utterly disparate that she found it hard to adapt from one to the other.

### 9
1. bankroll
- His parents bankrolled(paid for) his college education.
2. perceive
- perceive HQ through the Internet.
- How do the French perceive the British?
3. puff
- puffing smoke
4. retractable
- retractable cover
5. pictorial
- The exhibition is a pictorial history/record of the town in the 19th century.
6. resemble
- He strongly resembles his father in appearance and in temperament.
7. pulsate
- The lights pulsated with the music.
8. remedy/remediation
- a remedy for fever.
9. underperform/outperform
- The company's shares have underperformed the market by 35%.
- The company has consistently outperformed its rivals this season.
10. summon
- She was summoned to court.
11. dispensation
- The couple have requested (a) special dispensation from the Church to allow them to marry.
12. pendent
- Buy Bellatrix Gold Pendent at Best Price
13. pressing
- For pressing matters, contact me on my cell phone at (650) 773-2003.
15. defuse
- Her joke defused the tension in the room.
16. reversible
- Fortunately, the damage is reversible.
17. chipper
- Angela, you're more chipper than usual.
18. hypoallergenic
19. retreat
- When she came towards me shouting, I retreated (behind my desk).
20. sully
- You can't let what you see sully your image of them.
21. effeminate
- We have a lot to do, and you are putting up a very effeminate sign.
22. festive
23. revolve
- Salesmen are so arrogant.They think the whole place revolves around them.
24. cordial
- I just invited jim to suck it,and i am cordially inviting all of you to a special convention.
25. monstrous
26. dainty
- you just have little dainty fingers.
27. lopsided
- Feel a little lopsided 'cause of all the blood they took out of my right side.
28. dine
- I hate dining alone.
29. sweaty
- I get very nervous talking to pretty girls.Seriously.Feel how sweaty my hand is.
30. woozy
- May i have a chocolate chip cookie? I gave blood earlier and i'm still feeling woozy.

### 10
1. reciprocate
- We invited them to dinner and a week later they reciprocated.
2. empathize
- Empathizing with the data users around the company is an important part of informing our roadmap.
3. adherence
- He was noted for his strict adherence to the rules.
4. thrifty
- They have plenty of money now, but they still tend to be thrifty.
5. thirsty
- Spark were thirsty for memory and processing power.
6. streamline/streamlined
- onboarding is streamlined.
- a very streamlined car/design
7. saturate
- However, things like backups, rebuilds, etc. can completely saturate it due to how much memory and SSD storage is present, so it does serve a purpose.
8. disperse
- The fog dispersed as the day grew warmer.
9. dispersion
- Laws were established to limit the dispersion of pollutants.
10. courteous
- The clerk were helpful and courteous.
11. perishable
- perishable food
13. stealthy
- the stealthy movements of the crocodile.
14. disastrous
- His failure to back up the computer files had disastrous consequences.
15. deliberate
- I don't think that was a mistake;I think it was deliberate.
16. empathy
- Customer empathy.
17. wholehearted
- I wholeheartedly agree.
18. cascade
19. aerodynamic
- aerodynamic performance.
20. pwn(to defeat or take control of someone or something, usually in an internet video game)
- You were just pwned!
21. yank
- She yanked on the dog's leash.
22. withstand
- a bridge designed to withstand earthquakes
23. elusive
- elusive creatures
- the elusiveness of truth.
24. expository
- I'm taking an expository writing class this semester.
25. extort
- The gang is accused of extorting money from local store owners.
26. poke
- He poked a stick at the snake.
- Well,stop trying to poke me With a sharp thing.
27. subsequent
- In subsequent years he said he regretted his actions.
28. percolate
- Sea water percolates down through the rocks.
29. hydrate
- Keep hydrating.
- Make sure you hydrate (= drink something) before you exercise.
30. introspective
- introspective/outgoing.

### 11
1. yearling
- yearling calf
2. reign
- The bomb attacks produced a panic which reigned over the city.
3. exuberant/exuberance
- irrational exuberance.
- His exuberant personality makes him fun to be around.
4. implore
- She implored her parents not to send her away to school.
5. deduce
-  it is possible to use dynamic programming to deduce all the results without employing DFS!
6. pessimistic/optimistic
7. telltale
- One telltale sign of a brake fluid leak is the presence of a small puddle of fluid when the car is parked.
- She found lipstick on his shirts - the telltale sign that he was having an affair.
8. designate
- We need to designate a new leader.
9. depreciate/depreciation
- He had supposed that the letter in question contained a request for a remittance to cover depreciation in his account.
10. congregate/congregating
- A crowd congregated around the entrance to the theatre, hoping to catch a glimpse of the stars of the show.
11. outgrow
- The company outgrew (= became too large for) its office space.
12. tangled
- crazy tangled code.
13. loopy(stange or silly)
14. encompass
- The plan encompasses repaving the street and planting 40 new trees.
15. discern
- I could just discern a figure in the darkness.
16. splurge
- I feel like splurging (out) on a new dress.
17. recoup
- The gambler recouped his losses in the next game.
18. lament/lamenting
- She lament over the loss of her best friend.
19. compulsory
- Swimming was compulsory at my school.
20. intermittent
- intermittent rain
21. grind
- a slow query can grind everything to a halt.
22. snappy
23. expend
- You expend so much effort for so little return.
- Governments expend a lot of resources on war.
24. blindfold
- She was blindfolded and taken somewhere in the back of a van.
25. turbulent/turbulence
- After my parents’ turbulent marriage came to an end, we finally had peace in our house.
26. shove
- Really shoving our faces in it this year.
27. retribution
- The killer acted without fear of retribution.
28. whimsy
- It will be a day for them that is full of whimsy and full of excitement and full of fantasy.
29. backfire
- You can't let a girl feel good about herself.It will backfire on you.Every compliment has to be backhanded.
30. psychotic
- "I like your dress, but I'd like it more if you had prettier hair." That's psychotic.


### 12
1. Shush
- She was lounging on the sofa.
3. plow
- Plowing my own acres, going around shirtless all day.
4. metabolize
5. absorbent
- absorbent paper.
6. intrigue
- I was intrigued by his slow, deliberate way of talking and the serious look in his eyes.
7. classy
- You look so classy in that picture.
8. slick
- What are you talking about? Very slick.
9. discretionary
- discretionary income
10. vacant
- Why don't we just leave that position vacant? Truth be told, I think I thrive under a lack of accountability.
11. charm
- You have to charm them.
12. hypercritical
13. infantile
- The more infantile, the more upset he is.
14. vanity
- I'm dissolving this committee.What? Come on, this is a work place.It isn't designed for your vanity.
15. courageous
- What a courageous venture.
16. prude
16. prudent
- He always listened to her prudent advice.
- You made a prudent choice.
17. urinate
18. stomp
19. patronize
- Stop patronizing me - I understand the play as well as you do.
20. indescribable
- It was indescribable.
21. lurk
- lurking around.
22. baloney
- That's a bunch of baloney if you ask me.
23. vanquish
- vanquish fear
- The vanquished army surrendered their weapons.
24. screwed
- we are screwed. Branch is being shut down.
25. surpass
- No matter how big the constant is and how slow the linear increase is, linear will at some point surpass constant.
26. muddle
- a mind muddled by too much advice.
- It's easy for candidates to muddle these concepts (probably because both have some concepts of" higher': "lower" and "exactly right"), but there is no particular relationship between the concepts.
27. gruesome
28. hug
- I hugged him close.
29. cede
- So i will cede her to you.
30. pester
- Dwight tells me you've been pestering him for company info.

### 13
1. barge
- I barge because i care.
2. demote/demotion
- The captain was demoted (to sergeant) for failing to fulfil his duties.
3. unravel
- After months of investing, police finally had proof that the suspect was lying, and his tale began to unravel.
4. concoct/concoction
- They had concocted(devised) a scheme/plan to steal money from the company.
5. shuffle
6. posh
- posh restaurant( (of places and things) expensive and of high quality)
7. exert
- it's time for me to exert my dominance.
8. eavesdrop
- He was eavesdropping on our conversation.
9. strip
-Under no circumstance should a man strip off his clothes in this office
10. spank(to hit someone on the buttocks with your hand as a form of punishment)/spanking(very)
11. saucy
- a saucy child
12. impersonate/impersonator
- He was fined for impersonating a police officer.
13. phrase
- I was confused by your phrasing.
14. sleaze/sleazebag
- an article exposing more Wall Street sleaze
15. nearsighted/farsighted
16. salivate(saliva)
- I trained dogs to salivate at the sound of a bell by feeding them whenever a bell rang.
17. pungent
18. grumpy
- a grumpy old man
19. shun(to avoid (someone or something))
- Investors began to shun our company’s stock, causing it to plummet in value.
20. etiquette
21. devastated
- Thousands of people have left their devastated villages and fled to the mountains.
22. sanitize/indices
- We want to sanitize out input.
23. cushy
- cushy job
24. tease
- When he was younger, kid used to tease him about his frizzy hair, and braces.
25. nifty
- a nifty pair of shoes.
26. heresy
- Because the teacher’s educational strategies were different from those of her peers, her ideas were considered to be heresy.
27. avert
- I always avert my eyes to avoid seeing the bloody movie scenes.
- If management wants to avert a strike, then it will increase the wages of the employees.
28. horny
29. slutty
30. amicable
- Carol and I split up amicably.

### 14
1. prepend
2. depose
- A coalition of countries is trying to depose the island dictator.
3. fiscal
- fiscal sense
4. merciless
5. insatiable
- Like so many politicians, he had an insatiable appetite/desire/hunger for power.
6. transpire
- certain events have transpired.
7. bisect
- The city is bisected by the highway.
8. symmetrical
9. deflower
10. frigid
11. kitsch
12. fester/festering
- It was better that she expressed her anger rather than let it fester inside her.
13. humungous/humongous
14. bluff
- Is he going to jump or is he only bluffing?
15. reimburse
- I can't.I only get reimbursed for the I.D. photos.
- The airline reimbursed me for the amount they had overcharged me.
16. outrun
- you can't outrun your problems.
17. blossom
- But that blossomed into a very real friendship.
18. interracial
- an interracial marriage/relationship
19. discretion
20. enamored
- Not everyone is enamored of steak.
21. nefarious
- The company's CEO seems to have been involved in some nefarious practices/activities.
22. shady
23. interpretive
- We could write a strongly-Worded letter.Words will never be enough.Strongly-Painted picture.
- No, pictures are too interpretive.
24. laud
-  i laud your thriftiness.
25. defraud
- He defrauded the company.
26. shrill
- You're right, sometimes when she is tired, She can be a little bit shrill.
27. ineffectual
- You're being weak and ineffectual.
28. debatable
29. condone
- Normally, i don't condone leaving early.But i have an appointment with the horse doctor.
30. sidetrack
- I'm sorry I'm late - I got sidetracked.


### 15
1. matey(friendly)
2. surreal
- Driving through the total darkness was a slightly surreal experience.
3. chime
4. chime in
5. rancor
- Can we settle this disagreement without rancor?
6. cinch
- Time yourself. Candidates who solve interview problems quickly are more likely to cinch the interview.
7. wonky
- One of the legs on this chair is a bit wonky.
8. monotonic/monotone
- strictly monotonically increasing sequence
9. delish(DELICIOUS)
10. perverse
- Jack was being perverse and refusing to agree with anything we said.
11. unguarded
- You shouldn't leave your bag unguarded like that.
12. tender
- What you need is some tender loving care.
13. sworn(swear)
14. impetus
15. spat(spit)
- "Get out!" she spat, when Ace appeared in the doorway.
16. obnoxious
- When she's in a bad mood she's obnoxious to everyone.
17. inconsiderate
- Our neighbours are very inconsiderate - they're always playing loud music late at night.
18. squish
- Don't sit on that bag - you'll squish the sandwiches.
19. gross(including everything)
- A person's gross income is the money they earn before tax is deducted from it.
-  extremely unpleasant:
- "Oh, gross!" she said, looking at the flies buzzing above the piles of dirty plates.
20. perky
- You look very perky this morning.
21. judgemental
- You must try not to be so judgmental about people.
- He's judgmental about everyone except himself.
22. dorky(stupid and awkward)
23. monolithic
24. splinter
- The girl had a splinter (of wood) in her toe.
25. permeate/permeation
- Dissatisfaction with the government seems to have permeated every section of society.
26. hysterical
- Calm down, you're getting hysterical.
- You're so educated, aren't you, toby? So trained to deal with a hysterical woman.
27. reek
- Her breath reeked of garlic.
- That reeks,and i'm trying to eat.
28. mundane
- The show was just another mundane family sitcom.
29. chronological
30. retrace
- retrace your steps
- This trail is not circular, so you have to retrace your steps back to the start.

### 16
1. spectacle
- spectacle intrigue
2. clutch
- I had to clutch the counter to keep from falling.
3. pitiless
- They soliders were pitiless toward their enemy.
4. irresistible
- Women find him irresistible.
5. newfangled
- I really don't understand these newfangled computer games that my grandchildren play.
6. overwrought
- The witness became overwrought as she described the crime.
7. syndicate
- The company is owned by a syndicate of investors.
8. disband
- They've decided to disband the club.
9. undercut
- Her behavior undercuts her own credibility.
- i can undercut dunder mifflin.
10. ballistic
- Dad went ballistic when he saw the dent in his car.
11. ponder
- The team pondered their chances of success.
12. consensual
- consensual sex
13. adequate
- Your performance has been adequate.
14. arcane
15. vertical/horizontal
16. extrapolate
17. convex
18. facilitate
- The new ramp will facilitate the entry of wheelchairs.
19. weld
- You have a collection of rods which can be welded together.
20. partial
21. damper
22. baleful
23. plunge
- Nordstrom plunges after taking $72 million charge for customer credit card refunds
24. slash
- What happens if the tyres on your car are slashed?
25. rebate
26. bumpy
27. eyeball
- Check your tire pressure with a gauge,don't just eyeball it.Your tire may be underinflated and not look it.
28. intricate
- The code for computing the position for each character in the final result in a single pass is intricate.
29. alienate
- Disagreements can alienate teenagers from their families.
30. quench
- quench thrist

### 17
1. incorporate
2. pierce
- I could fall and pierce an organ.
3. garner
- I think I garner people's respect.
4. spray
- respray car
5. reprimand
- Can you reprimand him,please?
6. deterministic
7. affirmative
8. infiltrate
9. wary
- I'm a little wary of/about giving people my address when I don't know them very well.
10. empirically
- empirical data
11. stutter
- She stutters a little, so be patient and let her finish what she's saying.
12. peg
- Never pegged you for a quitter.
13. purge
- how to purge data in cache
14. immaterial
- Whether the book is well or badly written is immaterial (to me) - it has an important message.
15. uneasy
- I feel a little uneasy about asking her to do me such a big favour.
16. facile
- He does not permit himself facile answers.
17. worrisome
- The possibility of fire is especially worrisome for people who live on the edge of the forest.
18. conflate/conflation
19. exterior
- The exterior of the house needs painting.
20. gratify
- He was gratified to see how well his students had done.
21. cyclically
22. extremal
- A good rule of design is to look at extremal cases.
23. permuted
- "edified" can be permuted to form "deified".
24. prune
- This observation can be used to prune the permutation-based algorithm.
25. virulent
26. incognito
- during your probationary period should aim to be as incognito as possible.
27. poise
- reparation is the key to a great interview and with practice, you will be able to answer some of the most commonly asked questions with poise and insight.
29. spatial
- spatial problems.
30. cumulative


### 18
1. stipulate
- Learning intricacies of a new software within the stipulated time of a project.
2. unmovable
- unmovable deadline.
3. obsolete
- One of the main challenges is to keep yourself updated and not become obsolete.
4. perpendicular
5. pompous
-  A pompous liar.
6. decommissioned
7. narcissistic
8. tease
9. puncture
10. inflate
11. doomed
- Greedy approaches are doomed.
12. uniform
- uniformly
13. cumbersome
- Some heuristic pruning can be applied,but the program grows very cumbersome.
14. methodical
18. vouch
- As a medical examiner I can vouch that his death was accidental.
16. meticulous
- Many hours of meticulous preparation have gone into writing the book.
17. suffice
- I'm taking $400 - I think that should suffice.
18. parsimonious
- I think that politicians are often parsimonious with the (= do not tell the complete) truth.
19. indecisive
- Don't be indecisive
20. evasive
21. detrimental
- These chemicals have a detrimental effect/impact on the environment.
22. feign
- You know how everyone feigns surprise when you tell them how old you are.
- An interviewer may feign ignorance on a topic he knows in depth to see if a candidate pretends to know it.
23. ridicule
- the interviewer rejecting a correct answer or ridiculing the candidate.
24. belligerent
- become belligerent, or get swayed easily.
25. fiduciary
-  Your HR contact is a professional negotiator, whose fiduciary duty is to the company.
26. collegial
27. intractable
- we discuss strategies for coping with computationally intractable problems in Section 4.4 on Page 41.
- We are facing an intractable problem.
28. derive
- I didn't derive much benefit from school.
29. arbitrage
- suppose you are given a set of exchange rates among currencies and you want to determine if an arbitrage exists
30. mandatory
- For unchecked exception , handling is mandatory.

### 19
1. ostensibly/ostensible
- Rous published 60 scientific papers after his ostensible retirement.
2. adversarial
- Lawyers enjoy being adversarial.
3. emulate
- i think they were trying to emulate the Bay area companies asking algos and data structures but they themselves are clueless about it.
4. cognizant
5. hypocritical
- I watched your entire video and you talked the whole time.  I couldn't get a word in.  When are YOU going to listen mister?  Seems a little hypocritical of you.﻿
6. dabble
- Microsoft has dabbled (and reasonably successfully) with search and the web, but a large chunk of its earnings come from Windows and Office.
7. preferential
- Founded by two former Stanford PhDs, the company is still, many claim, preferential to engineers over other positions.
8. scrimp
- She scrimped and saved to care for her two younger sisters.
- Having to scrimp and save due to your meager salary may frustrate you, but a lack of free food tends not to be an issue.
9. veer
- The third one started to veer in the wrong direction, and he decided to get out before it was too late.
10. attest
11. precocious
- A precocious child, she went to university at the age of 15.
12. stink(stank)
- Your feet stink!
13. quirky(The adjective quirky is often used to describe those unconventional things that are characterized by peculiar behavior or an unexpected point of view. Quirky is often used to describe people, but it can also refer to things that seem to possess an unexpected and unconventional element, like a quirky strategy or a quirky idea.)
- But be warned: these quirky résumé submissions may turn off the wrong company or recruiter.
14. excruciating
- Large blocks of text recounted in excruciating detail the features of the three C􏰂􏰂 games I’d created.
15. clueless
- what I submitted was the equivalent of a four-year-old’s crayon drawing: cute, perhaps, in an incredibly clueless way.
16. unprovable
- Why, then, does a candidate list his vague and totally unprovable love for running?
17. distaste
- He found the subject of their conversation very distasteful.
18. dilute
- Diluting them with weaker items will only make you look worse.
19. porous
- The border in this region is porous and many refugees have simply walked across.
20. sickening
- It's sickening, the way she gets her parents to do what she wants.
21. reproducible
22. falsifiable
- It's a falsifiable theory.
23. remunerate
- Many advisors will be remunerated by commission, which means if you do not proceed with their recommendation no fee is paid.
24. troll(to leave an insulting message on the internet in order to annoy someone)
25. scrupulous
- Her report is scrupulous in its detail.
26. unscrupulous
- an unscrupulous salesman
27. taxing
- The position of CEO is taxing.
28. judicious(having, showing, or done with good judgment or sense.)
- I made some judicious edits to capture your voice.
- You have multiple meeting rooms in the office and you want to make judicious use of them.
29. sketchy
- It just feels sketchy.不靠谱.
30. crappy
- MySpace had some crappy pages for brands that mirrored a user's profile but it wasn't very engaging.


### 19
1. scrappy
- I'm afraid your last essay was a very scrappy piece of work.
- Teams are scrappy yet thoughtful.
2. postulate
- The theory postulates [=claims, posits] that carbon dioxide emissions contribute to global warming.
3. fallacious
- His argument is based on fallacious reasoning.
4. quadratic,adj,involving the second and no higher power of an unknown quantity or variable. n,a quadratic equation.
- We need quadratic time.
5. cubic
- cubic runtime
6. relish
- I always relish a challenge.
7. desirous
- Deepak is highly desirous to learn new things.
8. vocational
- they are merely vocational
9. divisible
- If it is divisible by 5, replace it with "Buzz".
10. insidious
- The more insidious loops are the voices of doubt, anger, and self loathing that infect our minds.
11. unlit
- the path unlit.
12. astray
13. divvy
- start divvying up these vertices.
14. curveball
- Throw you a curveball like this.


@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
### 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### N1
1. tactics
2. truce
- What do you want? I would like to arrange a truce.
3. crossroad
- The office is at a crossroads.
5. lumbar
- Not much lumbar support.
6. minister
7. driveshaft
8. missus(wife)
9. quarry
- I live by the quarry.
10. snail
11. bait
12. realtor
13. vault
- Do I go for the vault?No I go for the chandelier.
14. livestock
15. manure
16. sculpture
- butter sculpture
17. twine
18. bridesmaid
19. leftover
20. seduction
21. liposuction
22. binder
23. sellout
- The game was a sellout.
24. cervix
25. stork
26. sorority
27. slat
28. lullaby
29. pandemonium
30. snafu

### N2
1. fad
2. dunce
3. scarlet
4. motherboard
5. sagging
- bumper sagging.
6. wagon
7. menstrual
- menstrual cycles
8. topless
- See her topless.
9. backlash
- a backlash against feminism.
10. adrenaline
- Mark was exceptionally, gifted, well-reasoned, and patient despite the adrenaline and chaos around him.
11. intensity
12. tollbooth
13. poverty
14. foresight
- In retrospect he had the foresight to hire this person and utilize her.
15. dandruff
16. tinfoil
17. glamour
- He's one of the glamour boys of the football league.
18. bladder
19. holocaust
- The museum is devoted to the Holocaust.
20. vasectomy
21. custody
- She has sole custody of her daughter.
22. singular
- singular focus. It helped us all stay on track, all the time.
23. junkyard
24. rowboat
25. bachelorette
26. companionship
- She missed her husband's companionship after he died.
27. klutz
- I'm a complete klutz on the dance floor.
28. slob
29. orphanage
30. trauma

### N3
1. hangar
- Airplane hangar.
2. nativity
- It's the nativity scene.
3. commodity
4. nudity
5. napkin
6. jogging
7. chrysanthemum
8. camcorder
9. duel
- I will respect the results of the duel.
10. sasquatch
11. altocumulus/cirrostratus
12. stationery
13. underling
- This is a man who dose not listen to the needs of his underlings.
14. composite
15. farce
16. casket
- I feel like I'm working at my own casket.
17. womanizer
18. sunblock
19. graffiti
- The wall of the old building are covered with graffiti.
20. patio
- Let's have dinner on the patio.
21. debauchery
- He recalled the evening's debaucheries with regret.
22. underdog
- I always root for the underdog instead of the favorite.
23. handhold
24. tantrum
- He may have been young with a temper tantrum but he wanted the site to be the best and the biggest.
25. hiccup(a small problem, change or delay.)
- Our computer problems were caused by a hiccup in the power supply
26. lord
- The company resembled a combination of lord of the flies meets old-school Silicon Valley prestige.
27. conch
28. petroleum
29. flyer/flier
30. appetizer

### N4
1. asylum
- She asked for political asylum.
2. bench
- A park bench.
3. puppy(a young dog)
4. chestnut(栗子)
5. trophy
6. afterbirth
7. serenity/serene
8. triumph
- They were able to achieve an important triumph against their chief rivals.
9. groin
10. outing
- a family outing.
11. nihilism/nihilistic
12. liquor
13. cybercafe(网吧)
14. monopoly
- The company has gained a monopoly of the logging industry in this area.
15. cubicle
- an office cubicle.
16. fraternity
17. precaution
- When driving, she always wears her seatbelt as a precaution.
18. taxidermist/taxidermy
19. affliction
- He died from a mysterious affliction.
20. mogul
- China’s richest internet moguls think their employees should work more.
21. infamy(infamous)
22. mattress
23. ogre
24. twerp
25. quarantine
- a six-month quarantine
- The infected people were put into quarantine.
26. complication
- Because the measles infection has a higher risk of complications when it occurs in individuals between the ages of 18-24, please make this a priority.
27. treadmill
28. compilation(编译)
29. dogma
- Of course experience isn't the only danger. Dogma and ideology are even worse.
30. clipboard


### N5
1. critic
- Maybe i could be a food critic.
2. turtleneck
3. toboggan/sled
4. roadie
- Every magician has a hot assistant, and every rock star has a roadie, and Pam is my hot roadie.
5. cardigan
6. imbecile(a stupid person)
7. hatred
- Old hatreds dissolve into new friendships.
8. exemplary
- Mrs. Dunn hung up the exemplary paper that Jo-Jo wrote.
9. convoy
10. cliché
- It sounds cliché.
11. bliss
- domestic bliss(家庭幸福.)
12. intimacy
- There is no evidence of intimacy.
13. wunderkind
14. coma
- She is in a coma.
15. rabies
16. down payment
17. reams
- 6 months or 25 reams free.
18. cleavage
19. deviant
- This guy looks like a real deviant.
20. paralegal
21. academic regalia(cap gown tassel)
22. marvel
- The Grand Canyon is a marvel because it is so huge.
23. standby
24. pagination
- Use pagination to fetch/show tweets.
25. accolade
- He had numerous accolades from other managers regarding his integrity, and he is now one of the rising stars on my team.
26. giveaway
27. plateau
28. shedload(a large amount)
- The film has recently won a shedload of awards.
29. alchemy
30. eerie/eerily

### N6
1. shuttlecraft
2. cockpit
3. hitch
- Due to a slight technical hitch the concert will be starting half an hour late.
4. asymptote
5. guesstimate
- Current guesstimates are that the company's turnover will increase by six percent this year.
6. shoestring
7. rendition( a performance of something)
8. swath
- output swaths of code without prototypes.
9. jug
10. pedestrian
11. stellar
12. extravaganza
13. culprit
14. abnormality
15. massacre
16. maternity
17. chainsaw
18. admirer
19. honeymoon
- Where's andy? He's on one of his honeymoons.
20. sparrow
21. bowling
22. verge
- People who are 65 and on the verge of retiring.
23. federate/federation
24. knockoff(a cheap or inferior copy of something)
25. axis
26. mantra
- a businessman whose mantra is "bigger is better!".
27. headroom
28. trench
29. demolition
- The old factory is scheduled for demolition next week.
30. hatchback

### N7
1. blind spot
2. trampoline
3. flare
- It's just part of the design flare.
4. pasture
5. spree
- a buying spree.
6. demise
- Eventually result in the demise of the company.
- The demise of the company was sudden and unexpected.
8. pounder
- The fish was a 22-pounder.
9. foam
10. mayhem
- With 20 kids running around and only two adults to supervise, it was complete mayhem.
11. maid
12. standoff
- Sometimes these standoffs can last for days.
13. competitor
14. hygiene
- He has very poor personal hygiene.
15. shenanigans
- estate shenanigans.
16. contagion
- a disease that spreads by contagion.
17. maneuver
- With a quick maneuver, she avoided an accident.
18. linkage
- There’s a direct linkage between cultural values and the way people live.
19. mug
20. menagerie
21. roadblock
22. redundancy
23. limelight
- He always tried to avoid the limelight.
24. snippet
25. summation
- A summation can be found at the end of the report.
26. tire pressure gauge
27. air hose
28. spare change(零钱)
29. portable air compressor
30.  stem cap

### N8
1. valve stem
2. Replace the stem caps,sit back,buckle up and enjoy the ride.
3. jack stands千斤顶.
4. filing cabinet
- How many times have I told you that there's a special filing cabinet for things from corporate?
5. copier paper. 复印纸.
6. post-it notes.
7. morale booster
8. shovel
9. melodrama
- a television melodrama
10. playwright
11. soliloquy
12. monologue
13. vernacular
14. tableau
15. morphine
16. sanitarium
17. tuberculosis
18. seafaring
19. landlubber
20. lowlife
21. feminism/feminist
22. pallet

24. carnation
25. stroll
- Dwight Schrute and I just returned from a wonderful stroll together, and although I probably will never do it again, I had fun.
26. dynamite
- You look dynamite.
27. larceny
28. bastard
29. forfeiture
- The penalty of forfeiture of residence.
30. splash
- Of a splash in paper.


### N9
1. elf(小精灵)
2. brothel
3. tavern
4. dough(面团 也指money)
5. wiretapping
6. pension
- His pension arrives in the mail every month.
7. marijuana
8. duffel
- duffel bag
9. spud gun
10. crayon
11. tux 晚礼服
12. heirloom
- a priceless family heirlroom
13. slut
14. bungee(蹦极)
15. doormat
16. attic
18. quotient
19. Dial Antibacterial Deodorant Soap
20. werewolf
21. the Amish
22. BRAKE ROTORS(刹车盘)
23. turmoil
- The country has been in turmoil for the past 10 years.
24. hazing
- Ten fraternity members had their heads shaved during hazing last week.
25. chick:a baby bird, especially a young chicken
26. grill
27. stripper:someone whose job is removing all their clothing to entertain other people
28. briefs,pantaloons,boxers
29. freeloader
30. affordance


### N10
1. crucifix
2. tuna
3. bale/baler
- And we have a cake in the shape of a bale of hay.
4. dawn
5. bondage
6. consternation
- No need for consternation.
7. ransom
- They demanded a huge ransom for the return of the little girl whom they had kidnapped.
8. blondes
9. clink(prison)
10. paperclips
11. raffle
- Each year,we have a Christmas raffle.
12. adage
- This is an old adage.
13. entourage
14. wonderland
15. makeover
16. shindig(a big party)
- Welcome to our little shindig.
17. luncheon
18. bridal
19. contender
- Now aged 42, he is no longer considered a serious contender for the title.
20. smudge
- Her hands were covered in dust and she had a black smudge on her nose.
21. homosexual
22. obtuse(钝角,stupid)
23. gumption
24. bust
25. pantry
26. saboteur
27. traitor
28. ferocity
- The hurricane hit with terrible ferocity.
29. broom
30. sledgehammer(经常用于比喻)
- The news hit me like a sledgehammer.

### N11
1. trout(n,plural trouts uk informal an old person, especially a woman, who is unpleasant or not attractive)
2. hostage
- I'm thinking maybe a coup or we take ryan hostage.
3. panty(内裤)
4. mitt
- I had this huge spider in my baseball mitt.
5. brunette/blonde
6. slaughter
7. manslaughter
8. trekking(徒步旅行)
9. torque
10. oath
- The judge reminded the witness that she was under oath.
11. cone
- traffic cones
12. hussy
13. dedication
- It took a lot of hard work and dedication, but we managed to finish the project on time.
- We admire her didication to helping the poor.
14. delicacy
- In some parts of the world, sheep's eyes are considered a great delicacy.
15. sewer
- Owners pays for water and sewer, Tenant is responsible for gas and electricity.
16. precedence
- Precedence must be given to the injured in the evacuation plans.
- Operator precedence.Make your code more clear and unambiguous.
- That would take precedence.
17. derivation
18. morgue
19. fiend
20. equilibrium
-  Supply and demand were in equilibrium.
- It took me several minutes to recover my equilibrium(composure)
21. furnace
22. concussion
23. deed
-  a deed to a house.
24. clerical
25. bajillion/bajillions
26. savior
- You will be my savior.
27. downturn
- business downturn.
28. tornado
29. rubble
30. duality

### N12
1. rascal
2. manicure
3. formality
- You'll have to sign the visitors' book, but it's just a formality.
4. hail
5. trifle
- The money is a mere trifle to me.
6. pothole
- potholes
7. ballast
8. pageant
- She entered a pageant.
9. tiles
10. brick
11. territory
12. polygon
13. roger
- "You are clear to land." "Roger, I'm coming in to land now."
14. correspondence
- one to one correspondence
15. premier
- the premier authority
16. thrust
17. terrarium
18. armoire
19. porch
20. beet
- beet salad
- beets farm
21. collide/collisions
22. overages
- I'll approve the overages.
23. coercion
- Affirmative consent must be voluntary, and given without coercion, force, threats, or intimidation.
- type coercion
24. showcase
- let me just write out some examples to showcase this.
25. scoff
26. budgetary
27. overreaction
28. game-changing
- They can have an absolutely game-changing experience.
29. debacle
30. gratitude
- She sent them a present to show/express her gratitude.

### 13
1. regimen
2. unbeknownst
- Unbeknownst to me, he had rented out the apartment while I was away.
3. vapor
- vapor free.
4. dominator
5. exhilaration
6. calibre
- positions requiring a software engineer of the highest calibre.
7. abyss
- yawning abyss
8. tantamount
- Her refusal to answer was tantamount to an admission of guilt.
9. inability
- his inability to accept bad news.
10. aggression
- a micro-aggression.微歧视.
11. kin
- In the absence of any next of kin.没有任何直系亲属.
12. beneficiary
- I approve you as the sole beneficiary and the official executor of Mr John's estate.
13. mascot
14. violently
- He's violently allergic to dogs.
15. fecal fortitude
- I wish they had your fecal fortitude.我希望他们和你一样能憋尿.
16. lawn
- threw it on the lawn.
17. beef(a complaint)
- So what's your real beef here then?
18. square footage
- depending on square footage of bedrooms.看卧室面积.
19. mole
- We have a mole.我们有一个内鬼.
20. consent
- They can't publish your name without your consent.
- John is a master at getting consent.
21. saddle
- get back on the saddle.回归正轨.
22. installment
- Can you hack this finder's fee into 52 installments paid weekly over the course of the next year?
23. coalition
24. convention
- a  tech convention
25. vendor
- A company ,a last-minute add to the vendor list.快截止加入参展商列表.
26. sabbatical
- During my sabbatical from Hooli.
27. epiphany
- I had my epiphany.我才顿悟.
28. flagship
- This is our flagship product.
29. trait
- The signature displayed troubling traits.
30. retrieval

### N14
1. oodles
- Unless you have just oodles of space and nothing to do with them, I’d suggest leaving off these “soft skills,” since they’re completely subjective.
2. exploitation
3. crank
- How many times do you have to turn the crank?(a handle or bar on a machine that you can turn to make another part turn)
4. post-mortem
5. accountant
- chartered accountant
6. messiness
7. over:prep,sometimes used when talking about a calculation in which one number is divided by another number.
- 40 over 7 is roughly 6.
8. condole
9. interlude
10. trajectory
11. sparkle
12. binomial
13. melodic
14. overtime
- They're doing/working overtime to get the job done on time.
15. pad
16. penultimate
17. euclidean
18. onset
- The new treatment can delay the onset of the disease by several years.
- The novel wearable system would potentially delay the onset of fatigue, enabling soldiers to walk longer distances, and also potentially improve the body’s resistance to injuries when carrying heavy loads.
19. fragrance
20. blazer
21. tread
22. jamb
- door jamb
23. blowout
24. parity
25. camber
26. sieve
27. surefire
- There is a surefire cure.
28. intestine
29. quarterly
- quarterlies
30. demarcation

### N15
1. accomplice
2. theft and stealing.
3. gimmick
4. diesel/gasoline
5. tandem
6. cinderella
- creates the false impression of quick cinderella story for anyone who wants to teach themselves machine learning.
7. Milky Way
8. drawf
9. algebraic
10. probation
- probationary period
- How to pass your 3 month probation period in a new job?
11. fisticuffs
12. nomenclature
13. foreman
14. covenant
15. mop
16. aptitude
- My son has no/little aptitude for sport.
17. pedagogy
18. slouch
19. hunched
20. reciprocity
21. legwork
22. shortcoming
- ANT itself has a number of shortcomings.
23. humility
- He doesn't have the humility to admit when he's wrong.
24. charisma
- To be a great leader, a person has to have some charisma.
25. attire
- I hardly think jeans are appropriate attire for a wedding.
26. headhunter
27. horde
- Companies like Microsoft hire hordes of contractors every year to do everything from testing to development to, yes, even program management.
28. penchant
-  Jon had a penchant for the less traditional.
- Her penchant for disappearing for days at a time worries her family.
29. cutoff
- My GPA is only a 2.98. That places it just below that 3.0 cutoff that many companies have.
30. cheekbone

### N16
1. whodunit
- And that is what makes that movie a classic whodunit.
2. makeshift
- that is why I am having Andy wheel me into the conference room inside a makeshift cheese cart.
3. slaughterhouse
4. crutch
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

23. turf
24. warrant


人
25. prostitute
- she was a prostitute.

food
30. lollipop
- Actually reached into the basket to pull out a lollipop.

2. farther
3. thrive
4. evict
- you evict me, I evict your 10 percent.
5. dictatorship
6. saucer
7. buggy
- It's buggy.这是bug.
- moon buggy
8. nonexistent
- On a Sunday morning traffic was almost nonexistent.
9. pruning
10. delimiter
11. starkly
11. stark
- It was such a stark contrast to the world I came from, where conformity is demanded, and the Donnas of the world rule.
13. pooper
- party pooper
14. rebellious
15. champagne
16. facsimile
17. operational
18. trailer
19. vessel
20. peace officer
21. revelation
22. agitate
23. lien holder
24. purchaser.
25. itemize
26. mutilate
27. apostrophe
28. clockwise
29. vertex.pl: vertices
30. acyclic

### 44 18-07-05
1. litmu
- litmus test
2. amplify
3. shadow
4. huddle
5. bijection
6. isomorphic
7. tattletale
8. outfit
9. memorial
- memorial day
10. spill
- I spilled coffee on it.
11. rip
12. freak
13. minion
14. wand
- even a wand of mascara
15. bummer
- "I've left my wallet at home." "What a bummer!"
16. flatten
17. grieve
18. delightful
19. cliche
20. maid
21. loony bin
- a psychiatric hospital
22. lame
- Why do we as society hate old people so much? Because they're lame.
23. pity
24. goody-goody
25. mortified
26. appetizing
26. stick around
- stick around the company for another 3.3 years.
27. lipstick
28. hyper
- I feel so hyper.
28. well-ventilated area
28. hyperventilate
29.  lossy
30. blockbuster

### 43 180702
1. sabotage
- your little attempts to sabotage my relationship.
- I'm just trying to figure out why you're sabotaging things.
2. improvise
- I'm improvising.
3. newbie
4. prick
- pricks 混蛋.
5. arrogant
6. notoriety
7. pornography
8. missionary
9. curate
10. nourishing
11. uplifting
12. angels and demons
13. humble
14. horrific
15. rot
16. philanthropist
17. gravitate
18. throwback
19. innovative
20. cheekily
- Can I cheekily ask how much you've invested in education in the last few years?
21. diagonally
22. matrix
23. piss
24. tightrope
25. germane
27. paralyze
28. decompress
29. artifice
30. maxima

### 42 180701
1. hexadecimal 16进制
2. bum(to ask someone for something without intending to pay for it)
2. bump
2. bumper
3. devastate
- If you got that wrong, it might have been really devastating for the company.
4. episodic
5. decline
6. perk
7. thrill/thrilled
- I am thrilled that the new boss has taken such an active interest in all of the responsibilities that I'm supposed to have.
8. mesh
- Ask future teammates about how long they typically work, and figure out if that meshes with your
lifestyle.
9. sympathize
- Many of us can probably sympathize with this position.
10. overshoot
11. venue
11. avenue
12. psyched
- we are psyched.
- It's a common story: you join a company, and you're psyched.
13. complacency
- By outlining your path in advance and checking in on it regularly, you can avoid falling into this compla­cency trap.
14. immutable
15. Mutable
16. realm
17. paranoia
- Your paranoia has become officially tedious.你的被害妄想开始恶心人了.
18. ethos
19. admonition
20. alignment
21. compartmentalize
22. trove
23. stance
24. aspirational
25. boggle
- boggle board
- boggle question
26. nudge
- I wanted to see what I could do to nudge you in the right direction.
- I had to keep nudging him to discuss the API, he was really focused on the database side.
- A bit of mentoring and guidance early on to nudge you in the right direction can also go a long way.
27. upshot
28. amorphous
29. blob
30. desperate

### 41 180630
1. shroud
- To shroud "xyz" in mystery until the official roll out next January?
- Is every thing OK with Nucleus?We are on schedule,yes?
1. assurance
- Based on your assurances.
2. confiscate
3. retarded
4. downsize
5. coupe
6. slit
- at slit
7. scrape
- scrape off accumulated stickers.
- It's not gonna scale until I get in there and scrape all the Dinesh off.
8. fatigue
9. surety
9. surety bond
10. renewal
- renewal notice
11. dispose
12. constitute
13. litigator
- top-shelf litigator.
- 诉讼律师.
13. litigated
13. litigation
- civil litigation.
14. sleek
-  I write sleek performant low-overhead scala code with higher order functions that will run on anything.
15. futuristic
16. bezel,aesthete
- slimmer bezel
- As for the bezel design,至于前脸设计,our young aesthete.
17. notch
18. hush
19. revamp
- I realized this couldn't continue and began a push to revamp the app along with the IT department. 
20. unclog
- unclog your mind.
21. clog
22. conceivable
23. acronym
- AIDS is an acronym for "Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome".
24. silly
25. freebie

29. prevalence
30. verbose verbosity
0. alphanumeric
4. asymptotic
- However, since we are making a recursive call that goes n deep and uses O(n) stack space already, it does not affect our asymptotic space complexity.








9. sailboat

11. palindrome

20. in absentia

Prep
21. pursuant
- The committee will issue a decision within 15 days pursuant to rule 182.

16. errand
23. court
18. perjury

26. barrel

4. flat out
- Some people just flat-out refuse to read long resumes.


6. stigma
- Being an unmarried mother no longer carries the social stigma that it used to.
- Certain languages have stigmas associated with them. Sometimes this is because of the language them­ selves, but often it's because of the places where this language is used.
7. caliber
- In such situations, a candidate's performance does not reflect his true caliber.
- When recruiters at some of the top tech companies see resumes that list every flavor of Java on their resume, they make negative assumptions about the caliber of candi­date.
11. contingency
- You must be able to deal with all possible contingencies.
18. physiological/psychology
- Touching causes a physiological reaction.
- She studied behavioural psychology at college.


23. sheriff
2. evangelist
- At Microsoft, for instance, some PMs may be essentially customer evangelists, working in a customer-facing role that borders on marketing.


24. gamut
- run the gamut of sth
- Jonson has run the gamut of hotel work, from porter to owner of a large chain of hotels.
27. conformance=conformity
- conformity assessment
0. brainteaser
1. atrophy
- Never let  your coding skills atrophy.
5. diligence
- Due Diligence
- technical due diligence技术背景调查.
29. nugget
- a nugget of information/truth

4. assess.pulling his / her own weight.
- Most commonly, Teamwork/ Leadership is assessed with questions like, "Tell me about a time when a teammate wasn't pulling his / her own weight:
8. lean on something
- they look for and lean on patterns, opting to repeat what others have said or done.
8. lean towards sth
- She's not sure what she wants to do, but she's leaning towards medicine.
- The big companies tend to take a risk-averse approach to hiring.If someone is on the fence, they often lean towards a no-hire.