### TPO20 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a library employee.  
Student  
Excuse me, I received a letter that I am supposed to return a book that I checked out back in September , it’s called Modern Social Problems. But I am writing my senior thesis, so I thought I was allowed to keep the book for the whole academic year.  
Librarian  
So you signed up for extended borrowing privileges?  
Student  
Yeah.  
Librarian  
And we are still asking you to bring the book back?  
Student  
Uh-huh. Do I really have to?  
Librarian  
Well, let me check the computer . The title was ... Modern Social Problems?  
Student  
Yeah.  
Librarian  
Eh... Ok, yeah. It’s been recalled. You can keep it all year as long as no one else requests it, but someone else has, it looks like one of the professors in the sociology department. So you have to bring it back. You can check it out again when it is returned in a couple of weeks.  
Student  
What if the person renews it? And I really need it right now.  
Librarian  
All of it? Or is there a certain section or chapter you are working with?  
Student  
Well, there’s one chapter in particular I am working with, but why?  
Librarian  
Well, we normally don’t do this, but because of the circumstances we can photocopy up to one chapter for you. Why don’t you do that for the one you are working with right now? And by the time you need the rest of the book, maybe it’ll have been returned.  
Student  
Oh, that would be great.  
Librarian  
Do you have it with you?  
Student  
Eh... no, it’s in my dorm room. These are books I want to check out today. Is it OK if I bring that one by in a couple of days?  
Librarian  
Actually, the due day is tomorrow. After that, there’ll be a two dollar per day fine. But you need to return it today if you want to check out any books today. That’s our policy.  
Student  
Oh, I see.  
Librarian  
Yeah, not a lot of people realize that. In fact, every semester we get a few students who would have their borrowing privileges suspended completely because they haven’t returned books. They are allowed to use books only in the library. They are not allowed to check anything out because of unreturned books.  
Student  
That’s not good. I guess I should head back to the dorm right now.  
Librarian  
But before you go, what you should do is fill out a form requesting the book back in two weeks. Then the person who requested it won’t be able to renew it. You’ll get it back quickly.  
Student  
I’ll do that right now.  
### TPO20 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a linguistics class.  
Professor  
Ok, the conventions or assumptions that govern conversation, these may vary from one culture to another , but basically, for people to communicate, there is a ... they have to follow certain rules. Like if I am talking with you and I start saying things that are not true, if you can’t tell when I am lying and when I am telling the truth, well, we are not going to have a very satisfactory conversation, are we? Why? Because it violates one of the Gricean Maxims, that’s a set of rules or maxims a philosopher name H.P .Grice came up with in 1970s. One of these Gricean Maxims is... well, I’ve already given you a hint.  
Student  
Oh, you just can’t go around telling lies.  
Professor  
Right, or as Grice put it, “Do not say what you believe to be false.” That’s one of Grice’s Maxims of Quality as he called it. So that’s pretty obvious. But there are others just as important. Like, eh... suppose you would ask me what time it was and I replied ‘my sister just got married’ , what would you think?  
Student  
You are not really answering my question.  
Professor  
No, I am not, am I? There is no connection at all, which feels wrong because you generally expect to find one. So one important maxim is simply: be relevant. And using the so-called Maxim of Relevance we can infer things as well, or rather the speaker can imply things and the listener can make inferences. For instance, suppose you say you would really love to have a cup of coffee right now, and I say ‘there’s a shop around the corner’ . Now, what can you infer from what I said?  
Student  
Well, the shop sells coffee for one thing.   
Professor  
Right, and that I believe it is open now. Because if I won’t implying those things, my response would not be relevant. It’d have no connection with what you said before. But according to the maxim, my response should be relevant to your statement, meaning, we should assume some connection between the statement and the response. And this maxim of relevance is quite efficient to use. Even if I don’t spell out all the details, you can still make some useful logical inferences, namely, the shop is open and it sells coffee. If we actually have to explain all these details, conversations would move along pretty slowly, wouldn’t they? OK, then there’s the maxims of manner, including things like be clear , and avoid ambiguity.  
And another more interesting maxims is one of the so-called maxims of quantity, quantities of information, that is. It says, to give as much as is required in the situation. So suppose you asked me what I did yesterday and I say ‘I went to the Art Museum.’ You would likely infer that I saw some works of art. Suppose, though, that I did not go inside the museum, I just walked up to it then left. Then I violated the quantity maxim by not giving enough information. So you can see how important implications are to our ability to carry on a conversation. But there are times when people will violate these maxims on purpose. Let’s say a boss is asked to write a letter of recommendation for a former employee seeking an engineering job. The letter he writes is quite brief. Something like, uh, Mr . X is polite and always dresses quite neatly. So what does this really mean?  
Student  
Oh, I see. By not mentioning any important qualities related to the job, the boss is ... like, implying that this is best that can be said about Mr . X that he is really not qualified.  
Professor  
Exactly. It’s a written letter not a conversation, but the principle is the same. The boss is conveying a negative impression of Mr . X without actually saying negative about him. So, by violating the maxims, we ...eh... but ... it can be a way to be subtle or polite, or to convey humor through sarcasm or irony. Sometimes though people will violate maxims for another purpose: to deceive. Now, can you imagine who might do such a thing?  
Student  
Some politicians.  
Student  
Or advertisers.  
Professor  
Right. Anyone who may see an advantage in implying certain things that are untrue without explicitly saying something untrue. They think, hey, don’t blame us if our audience happens to draw inferences that are simply not true. So next time you see an advertisement saying some product could be up to 20% more effective, think of these maxims of quantity and relevance, and ask yourself what inferences you are being led to draw. Think, more effective than what exactly? And why do they use those little phrases ‘could be’ and ‘up to’? These claims give us a lot less information than they seem to.  
### TPO20 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an environmental science class.  
Professor  
I’d like to take you back about 11 thousand years ago when Earth entered the latest interglacial period. Interglacial periods are, typically periods of time between Ice Ages, when the climate warms, and the glacial ice retreats for a time, before things cool off again and another Ice Age begins. And for over the past several million years, Earth’s sort of default climate has actually been Ice Age, but we have experienced periodic regular thaws, and the last one, the one we are in now, started about 11 thousand years ago.  
Now, the typical pattern for an interglacial period, and we have studied several, is that the concentration of carbon dioxide and methane gas actually reaches it... its peak, that is, there is the most carbon dioxide and methane gas, uh, greenhouse gases in the atmosphere just after the beginning of the interglacial period. And then, for reasons which are not entirely clear , the concentration of greenhouse gases gradually goes down. Now, the climate continues to warm for a while because there is a lag effect. But uh, gradually as the concentration of greenhouse gases goes down, Earth starts to cool again, and eventually you slip back into an Ice Age. Um, however , for the latest interglacial period, the one we are in now, this pattern did not hold, that is, the concentration of carbon dioxide and methane dipped1 a little bit after, uh, uh, after peaking at the beginning, near the beginning of the interglacial period, but then it began to rise again. Um ... What was different about this interglacial period than the other ones?  
Well, one of the big differences is human activity. People began to raise crops and animals for food instead of hunting for them. This is the agricultural revolution. And it began to happen in the earliest stages about 11 thousand years ago.  
Now, scientists have tended to regard ... the ... uh ... agricultural revolution as a beneficiary of the ... uh ... fortuitous shift in climate. However , some new theories of climate, new theorists of climate have proposed that perhaps humanity was having an effect on the climate as far back as the beginnings of the agricultural revolution. When you grow crops and uh, pasture your animals , one of the things you do is you cut down the forests. If you cut down the forests, when you burn the trees for fuel and don’t replace them with other trees, or when you just leave them to rot and don’t allow other trees to grow, you end up with a lot more carbon in the form of carbon dioxide getting into the atmosphere. Um ... another gas associated with the spread of agriculture is methane. Methane forms in large concentration above wetlands, and as it turns out, the cultivation of certain grains creates vast areas of artificial wetlands, and probably drastically increases the amount of methane getting into the atmosphere, over and above what would be there. So, um... agriculture, the ... the spread of agriculture, you know we are talking over thousands of years, um... but this could very well had a profound effect on the composition of Earth’s atmosphere. It’s kind of ironic to think that absent that effect, it maybe that we would be heading into an Ice Age again. In fact, back in the 1970s, a lot of theorists were predicting that, you know, the climate would start to cool and we’d slowly enter into the new Ice Age. And then they were puzzled as to why it didn’t seem to be happening.  
Umm... now, what are the implications for the future? Well, um... it is a little tricky. I mean, you could say, well, here is an example of ... um ... human activity, the agricultural revolution which actually was beneficial, we altered the climate for the better , perhaps, by preventing an Ice Age. But then industrialization, of course, has drastically increased the amount of carbon dioxide that humans are putting into the atmosphere, the burning of fossil fuels tends to put a lot of CO2 into the atmosphere. Um... so we are entering into uncharted3 territory now, in terms of the amount of carbon dioxide, the concentrations of carbon dioxide that are now being put into the atmosphere as a result of industrialization and the use of fossil fuels.  
### TPO20 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a professor .  
Student  
Professor Jennings, I hope I am not interrupting, but you wanted to see me?  
Professor  
Oh, hello, Suzane. Yes, yes, come right in. How are you doing?  
Student  
All right.  
Professor  
Well, good. The reason I wanted to talk to you was that while you were presenting you linguistics project in class the other day, well, you know, I was thinking you are a perfect candidate for the dean’s undergraduate research fund.  
Student  
Um ... Professor , I am really sure what the... um ... dean ....  
Professor  
Undergraduate research fund is ... It is a mouthful I suppose. OK. Here’s the thing. Every year the school has a pool of money to fund a number of research projects of undergraduate students. Because as you can imagine, in-depth research often requires monetary support.  
Student  
I would like to expand on my research.  
Professor  
Good. First a panel of professors reviews the applications for the grant. And then they decide which project should be funded. The allotted money could be used for travel expenses, to attend a conference for example, or things like supplies, research equipment, resources that are necessary to conduct the research.  
Student I  
see.  
Professor  
Right. And I think you should apply for this grant. Your project is definitely eligible. And you can expand it if you have the necessary resources. So, does it sound like something you would be interested in?  
Student  
Oh, yeah, sounds great. I thought the topic I work on was very interesting, and it is certainly relevant to my linguistics major . I assume it will also look good when I try to get into graduate school. But how do I apply for the grant?  
Professor  
It is pretty straightforward. A brief description of your proposed project, and an estimated budget. How much you need to spend and what you intend to spend it on. Also a glowing letter of recommendation from a linguistics professor wouldn’t hurt, which I’d be more than happy to write up for you.  
Student  
OK. Cool. I am pretty clear on how to carry out my project, but I am not sure where I can find more information on the subject.  
Professor  
Well, I have already thought of that. There’s this private library at a university in Boston. By the way, because I graduated from that school, I can get you access to it, no problem. You see, the library houses lots of unpublished documents that are relevant to your topic.  
Student  
So I can put that on the application for the grant, that I plan on using material from that library for my research and figure a trip to Boston into my budget?  
Professor  
Exactly. I really think judging from your work in class, and the relevance and clarity of this project, you really have a good chance of getting the funding.  
Student  
OK. I’ll definitely apply then.  
Professor  
The sooner the better . It is due in a few weeks. Gook Luck! And I’ll get that letter written up right away.  
### TPO20 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a literature class.  
Professor  
All right, so now we’ve talked about folk legends and seen that their ... one of their key features is there’s usually some real history behind them. They are often about real people, so you can identify with the characters, and that’s what engages us in them. The particular stories might not be true and some of the characters or events might be made up. But there’s still a sense that the story could have been true since it is about a real person. That’s distinct contrast from the other main branch of popular storytelling, which is folk tales.  
Folk tales are imaginative stories that ... um ... like folk legends, they have been passed down orally, from storyteller to storyteller for ... since ancient times. But with folk tales you don’t ever really get the sense that the story might have been true. They are purely imaginative and so quite revealing, I think anyway, about the culture and the connection between folk tales and culture, which we’ll talk about.  
But first let’s go over the various types of folk tale and focus specifically on Norwegian folk tales since they illustrate the variety pretty well. There are in general three main types of Norwegian folk tales.  
One is animal stories, where animals are the main characters. They can be wild animals or domestic, and a lot of times they can talk and behave like humans, but at the same time, they retain their animal characteristics too. They tend to involve animals like bears, wolves and foxes. The point of these stories, their, their internal objectives, so the speak, is usually to explain some feature of the animal, how it arose. So there’s one about a fox who fools a bear into going ice fishing with his tail. When the bear puts his tail into the water through a hole in the ice, to try and catch a fish, the ice freezes around it, and he ends up pulling his tail off. So that’s why bears to this day have such short tails.  
The second category of Norwegian folk tale is the supernatural. Eh ... stories about giants and dragons and trolls, and humans with supernatural powers or gifts, like invisibility cloaks. Or where people are turned into animals and back again into a person, those are called transformation stories.  
There’s a well-known Norwegian supernatural folk tale, a transformation story called East of the Sun and West of the Moon, which we’ll read. It involves a prince who is a white bear by night and a human by day. And he lives in the castle that’s east of the Sun and west of the Moon, which the heroine in the story has to try to find. Besides being a good example of a transformation story, this one also has a lot of the common things that tend to show up in folk tales. You will find the standard opening, ‘once upon a time ... ’ . And it has stock characters like a prince, and a poor but beautiful peasant girl, she is the heroine I mentioned. And ... um ... it has a very conventional form. So no more than two characters are involved in any one scene. And it has a happy ending. And it’s ... the story is presented as though ... well, even though a lot of the actions that occurred are pretty fantastic, so you’d never think of it as realistic. The characters still act like ... they resemble real people. They are not real or even based on historical figures. But you might have a supernatural story involving a king, and he’d act like you’d expect a Norwegian king to act. OK. The third main kind of folk tale is the comical story. We’ll say more later about these, but for now, just be aware of the category and that they can contain supernatural aspects, but they are usually more playful and amusing overall than supernatural stories.  
Now, as I said, traditionally, folk tales were just passed down orally. Each generation of storytellers had their own style of telling a story. But ... um ... in Norway, before the 19th century, folk tales were just for kids. They weren’t seen as worthy of analysis or academic attention. But this changed when the romantic movement spread throughout Europe in the mid-19th century. Romantics looked at folk tales as sort of a reflection of the soul of the people. So there was something distinctly Norwegian in folk tales from Norway. And there was renewed pride in the literature and art forms of individual countries. As a result, the first collection of Norwegian folk tales is published in 1852. And there have been many new editions published since then. For the people of Norway, these stories are now an important part of what it means to be Norwegian.  
### TPO20 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a biology class.  
Professor  
Now, James, you said you had been to the State of Maine, right?  
Student  
Yeah, actually I lived in western Maine until I was about sixteen.  
Professor  
Great. So why don’t you tell everybody what is like there in the winter?  
Student  
The winter? Well, it’s cold. And there’s lots of snow, you wouldn’t believe how much snow we used to get.  
Professor  
Actually I would. I did field research up there a couple of winters. And it really is an incredible environment. And to survive in that sort of environment, animals have to adapt, to evolve in response to their surroundings. As you recall, an adaptation is any feature, um... physical or behavioral feature of a species that helps it survive and reproduce. And in adapting to extreme climates, like Maine in the winter time, animals can evolve in pretty interesting ways. Take, for example, the snowshoe hare.  
Ok, the snowshoe hare, and of course, that’s H-A-R-E, like a rabbit. Although I probably should mention that technically a hare is not exactly the same as a rabbit, even though it is very similar . The primary difference is that a rabbit’s young are born blind and without fur , while a hare’s babies are born with a full coat and able to see.  
Now, the snowshoe hare, tell me, what sort of adaptations do you think it has developed that help it survive the Maine winters? I’ll give you a hint. Food isn’t an issue. The hare actually has abundant food in the small twigs it finds.  
Student  
Well, I don’t know. I mean, I know we used to try to look for these rabbits, eh... hares, when we went hiking in the winter , but it was often hard to find them in the snow.  
Professor  
Yes. That’s exactly right. The major concern of the snowshoe hare in the winter is predators. And now that includes humans. So one of its adaptations is basically camouflage. In other words, its coat, its fur , turns from brown in the summer to white in the winter , which makes it harder for the hare’s predators to see it against the white snow.  
Student  
Yeah, but I could swear I remembered seeing rabbits in the snow a couple of times, I means hares, that were brown.  
Professor  
Well, you may very well have. Timing is really important, but the snowshoe hare doesn’t always get it exactly right. Its chances for survival are best if it turns white about the time of the first snowfall. And it’s the amount of daylight that triggers the changing of the hare’s coat. As the days get shorter , that is, as the Sun is up for a shorter and shorter time each day, the snowshoe hare starts growing white fur and shedding its brown fur . The hare does a pretty good job with its timing, but sometimes when there’s a really early or late snow, it stands out. Plus, it takes about a month for the snowshoe hare’s coat to completely change color . So if there’s a particularly early snowfall, it’s very likely that the hare’s fur would not yet be totally white. And that would make this a particularly dangerous time for the hare.  
OK. What else? Other adaptations? Susan?  
Student  
Well, it’s called the snowshoe hare, so are its feet somehow protect it from the cold?  
Professor  
Well, this animal’s name does have to do with an adaptation of its feet. Uh... though, not like it has warm furry boots or something to keep its feet from getting cold. You’ve probably never needed to wear snowshoes. But, well, snowshoes are not like thick furry shoes designed to keep the feet warm, they are actually quite thin, but very wide. What they do is spread out the weight of the foot coming down on the snow. See, the problem with walking on snow is that you sink in with every step. But with snowshoes, you don’t sink in, you walk on top of the snow. It makes walking through the Maine countryside in the winter much easier .  
Anyway, the snowshoe hare has an adaptation that plays on the same idea. It has hind feet that act like snowshoes. I mean, it’s paws are wide and they allow the hare to hop and run just at the surface of deep snow. And this is a huge advantage for the snowshoe hare since by contrast, the feet of its predators usually sink right down into the snow.  
Now, another advantage related to this is that unlike many animals in winter, snowshoe hares can stay lean and light weight. They accumulate essentially no body fat. Can anyone guess why this is so?  
Student  
They don’t eat very much?  
Professor  
Well, yes. But not because there isn’t enough food around. It’s because, like I said, food is almost always within reach, and they don’t have to store up a lot of food energy for the harsh winters.  
### TPO21 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a professor.  
Professor  
Excuse me, can I help you? You look a little lost.  
Student  
Yeah, I am. This is my first day on campus, and I don’t know where anything is.  
Professor  
Can’t find your orientation session?  
Student  
Uh-huh. What a way to begin! Lost going to orientation.  
Professor  
Well, my guess is in the auditorium, that’s where they usually are.  
Student  
You’re right, the general ones. I went to one of those sessions earlier today. But now I need the one for my major, engineering. My schedule says the meeting room is in ... Johnson Hall? In the engineering department, which should be right here in front of us, according to the map. But this building is called the Morgan Hall.  
Professor  
Well, your map reading skills are fine actually. This used to be Johnson Hall, all right. Trouble is they changed the name to Morgan Hall last spring. So they sent you a map with an old name? I am surprised.  
Student  
Well, this was actually mailed out month and month ago. I got a second pack in the mail more recently with another one of these maps in it. I guess they must have the updated name. I left that one in my dorm room.  
Professor  
Well, things change fast around here. This building was renamed after one of our professors. She retired a few months ago. She is very well-known in the world of physics. Too bad for Johnson, I guess.  
Student  
Who is Johnson anyway?  
Professor  
Oh, one of the early professors here. Unfortunately, I thinks his ideas are going out of style. Science kept marching forward.  
Student  
I’ll say it does. That’s why I transferred to this university. I was really impressed with all the research equipment you guys have at the laboratories. You are really on the forefront.  
Professor  
Um... so do you know what kind of engineering you want to specialize in?  
Student  
Yeah, aerospace engineering.  
Professor  
Well, the aerospace engineering department here is excellent! Eh... do you know that this university was the first one in the country to offer a program in aerospace engineering?  
Student  
Yeah, I know. And a couple of students who graduated from here became astronauts and orbited the Earth.  
Professor  
Right. The department has many prominent alumni. Well, you might end up taking some of your advanced math course with me. I get a lot of students from the engineering department because I teach the required applied mathematics courses.  
Student  
Oh, cool. Actually, I want to get a minor in math.  
Professor  
Excellent. Hmm... A major in aerospace engineering with a minor in math, you’ll go far with that degree. More of our students should do that. There are so many more opportunities available in the field when you have a strong math background.  
Student  
I’m glad to hear you say that.  
### TPO21 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a history of science class.   
Professor  
Ok, we have been talking about how throughout history, it was often difficult for people to give up ideas which have long been taken for granted as scientific truth, even if those ideas were false. In Astronomy, for example, the distinction between the solar system and the universe wasn’t clear until modern times. The ancient Greeks believed that what we called the solar system was in fact the entire universe, and that the universe was geocentric. Geocentric means Earth-centered, so the geocentric view holds that the Sun, the planets, and the stars, all revolve around the Earth, which is stationary. Of course, we now know that the planets, including Earth, revolve around the Sun, and that the solar system is only a tiny part of the universe.  
So, why did the ancient Greeks believe that the Earth was the center of the universe? Well, it made sense to them. Observations of the sky make it appear as if the Sun, the moon, and the stars all revolve around the Earth everyday, while the Earth itself stayed in one place. And this view is also supported by their philosophical and religious beliefs about the origin and structure of the universe. It was presented in the works of well-known Greek philosophers as early as the fourth century B.C.E., and the geocentric theory continue to prevail in Western thought for almost 2,000 years, until the 17th century.  
Now, what’s especially interesting is that when astronomical observations were made that seemed to be inconsistent with the geocentric view, the ancient Greeks did not really consider alternative theories. It was so intuitive, so sensible that the Earth was the center of the universe that astronomers found ways to explain those seemingly inconsistent phenomena within the geocentric view.  
For example, Greek astronomers made excellent, very accurate observations of the movements of the planets, but the observations revealed a bit of a problem. The geocentric theory said, that the planets would move around the Earth in one direction. However, astronomers noticed that at times, several planets seem to stop moving in one direction and start moving backward in their orbits around the Earth, and they came up with a theory that these planets themselves moved in smaller circles called epicycles as they travelled around the Earth. Here’s a picture of what they imagined. You see how this epicycle theory could account for the seemingly backward motion of the planet. Of course, today we know that this appearance of backward motion is caused by the fact that Earth, as well as other planets, all move in their own orbits around the Sun, and the relative movements of the planets with respect to each other can get quite complex.  
However, there were a few astronomers in Greece and other places who didn’t agree with the geocentric view, for example, a Greek astronomer who lived in the third century B.C.E. He proposed the theory that our planetary system might be heliocentric, his name was Aristarchus. Heliocentric means Sun-centered, that the Earth revolves around the Sun. Aristarchus recognized from his calculations that the Sun was much larger than the Earth and other planets. It was probably this discovery that led him to conclude that the universe is heliocentric. I mean, isn’t it more sensible to think that a smaller heavenly body would orbit a larger one, rather than the opposite?  
However, his proposition was rejected largely based on other scientific beliefs held at the time, which all made sense in a way even if they were incorrect. Let me mention two objections Greeks made to Aristarchus’s theory. First, they believe that everything that moves creates its own wind, so to speak, everyone has this experience when you are running, right? So, they thought that if the Earth itself was moving, there would have to be a constant wind blowing, sweeping them off their feet, and of course there wasn’t. And second, the idea of an Earth that moved didn’t fit in with the ancient Greeks’ understanding of gravity. They thought that gravity was basically a natural tendency of all things to move towards the center of the universe, which was the Earth, or the center of the Earth, so that explains why apples and other falling objects were falling straight down. If the Sun was at the center of the universe, things would fall toward the Sun and away from the Earth, which of course they didn’t. So these were some of the reasons they rejected the heliocentric theory.  
### TPO21 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a Computer Science class. The professor is discussing software engineering.  
Professor  
We’ve been talking about the software development cycle, and today I’d like to move on to the next stage of that cycle-testing, and why finding bugs during testing is actually a great thing. Eh...eh... the quality of the software product often relies heavily on how well it’s been tested. Liz?  
Student  
Um... just a quick thing. Bugs is the word for problems in the program code, right?  
Professor  
Yeah, in code or in a computer itself. There is a bit of a story behind that term. Um... back in the 1940s, when the computer industry was just starting, a group of computer scientists was working late one night, and there was a problem in one of the computers’ circuits1. When they examined it, they found a five-centimeter long moth caught in there. Once they debugged the computer, it worked just fine. And ever since then, all kinds of computer problems have been known as bugs.  
Anyway, you want to find bugs while the software is still in the development and testing phases. Finding them when the software product has already been put on the market can be quite embarrassing. Generally speaking, every software development project has a group of testers and a group of developers. Jack?  
Student  
And they are different people?  
Professor  
They are generally completely different group of people. My personal opinion is that they have to be different groups of people because developers often have a bias for their own work, and it blinds them to certain problems that might be obvious to somebody else. So it is always good to have a different set of eyes to go in there and make sure that everything is tested properly.  
Ok, now, here’s the key. Developers and testers have different mentalities. The mentality of the software developer is constructive, creative, they are spending long hours working together to create and build something new. A software tester, on the other hand, their entire goal is to look at this product and find problems with it, to improve it. Now, this difference between the testers and the developers can lead to an environment where there is a bit of friction. And that friction sometimes makes it difficult for the two teams to work together.  
There are two projects that I worked on a couple of years ago. One, which I’ll call Project Split, well, the testing and development teams did not work well together. And the other, I’ll call Project Unity, during which both teams worked very well together. Now, during Project Split, we had defect meetings where the developers and the testers met together, eh... eh... to discuss various problems and how they should be fixed. And you could sense the conflict just by walking into the room. Literally, the testers and the developers sat on opposite sides on the table. Um... and ... and the developers were very defensive about the feedback.  
Student  
Well, if bugs are being pointed out they wouldn’t be too happy since its their work.  
Professor  
Exactly. Now, ‘cause the two teams weren’t working well together, the fixes were coming very very slowly. And you know, a lot of times when you fix bugs you introduce new bugs, or you discover bugs and other areas that only come to light because something has been changed, so fixing all those new additional bugs was also being delayed. Um... the test process went on much longer than expected and we ended up having to put the product on the market with known bugs in it, which was obviously not ideal.  
Student  
Ok, and what about Project Unity? How was it different?  
Professor  
Um... this was different because two teams worked closely together during the defect meetings, instead of put up walls. Um... we didn’t even talked about, you know, who should fix this, who is at fault2. We all acknowledge what needed to be fixed. So if we had ten bugs, we said, ‘Hey, you know what? Let’s do this one first ‘cause this would expose another whole bunch of defects that we haven’t even seen yet.’ So we were being proactive3 and effective. And because we were so much more effective with our time, we were actually able to do more than just fix the bugs, we even put in some improvements that we hadn’t planned.  
### TPO21 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and her public relations professor.  
Student  
Hi, professor Gordin. I really learned a lot from your lecture, the one about analyzing all those different segments of the population. Oh, the official term is audience, right? I never imagine that one company could have over thirty audiences to communicate with.  
Professor  
Yeah, a lot of students are taken aback by this, and some public relations consultants don’t figure it out until they’ve worked in the field a while.  
Student  
Everyone thinks, public relations, eh, PR is easy, but there’s a lot to it. You really got to know what you are doing.  
Professor  
Absolutely. So, Stacy, your email implied that you needed my advice about graduate school?  
Student  
No, since my undergraduate degree will be in public relations, I’ve already decided to get a master’s degree in marketing. Sorry, I wasn’t clear. My issue is, I have got two require courses and two electives. I am trying to figure out which elective course is to take. My advisor suggested economics and accounting, but I am not really sure.  
Professor  
About?  
Student  
Well, I endured accounting and economics in high school and barely stayed awake, they were so ...  
Professor  
Ok, Ok. I hear you. Eh... you say you wanted a master’s in marketing, you have got one more semester till graduation. Have you taken any marketing courses yet?  
Student  
No, I figured I’ve got the marketing basis already since I have take every PR in communication courses offered here.  
Professor  
Well, there’s some overlap between PR and marketing, but there are important differences too. Marketing focuses on selling your product or service, eh, you know, attracting customers through advertising, and also building relationships with customers. That’s what a marketing department does. PR is all about, it involves relationships too, that’s why I am saying the two fields overlap. But in PR, you are developing relationships with a wider range of audience.  
Student  
Right. Like employees, suppliers, the media. I do understand this in theory, but aren’t you still selling your product, just in a different way?  
Professor  
Not necessarily. Ok, do you remember that PR strategy I alluded to the other day? The one our university uses, a strategy that doesn’t overlap its marketing strategy?  
Student  
You mean how the university invites local residents to attend certain lectures and classes for free?  
Professor  
Yeah, this cultivates a sense of good will and helps the university avoid becoming isolated from the larger community. Bringing neighbors into our classrooms is good PR, but it is not marketing since our neighbors aren’t our customers, for the most part.  
Student  
That’s why I want to focus on marketing in graduate school. Wouldn’t having expertise in PR and marketing giving me more career options?  
Professor  
Yeah, but you’ll also want to enjoy your work. So for you electives, why don’t you take advertising principles and intro to marketing, which I teach. This way, you’ll find out if marketing is something you really want to pursue. Graduate School tuition is expensive, and these courses will give you a good overview of the field before committing yourself.  
Student  
I wish my advisor had suggested those courses.  
Professor  
Well, I am someone who has worked in both marketing and PR, so I can offer a different perspective than someone who only teaches ...  
### TPO21 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a biology class.  
Professor  
Probably back in some previous biology course you learned that snakes evolved from lizards, and that the first snakes weren’t venomous and then along came more advanced snakes, the venomous snakes. Ok, venomous snakes are the ones that secrete poisonous substances or venom, like the snakes of the viper family or cobras. Then there is non-venomous snakes like constrictors and pythons. Another family of snakes, the colubrids, don’t really fit neatly into either category though. Colubrids, and you probably learned this too, although they are often classified as venomous snakes, they are actually generally non-venomous. They are classified as venomous snakes because they resemble them, their advanced features more than the other non-venomous snakes.  
Now, what if I told you that there is a good chance that most everything I just said is wrong? Well, everything except the part about snakes evolving from lizards. See, the basic theory about snake evolution has been challenged by a recent study that revealed a whole new understanding of evolutionary relationship for reptiles, you know, which reptiles descended from which ancestors. The researchers study the proteins in the venom genes of various species of colubrids. Emm... snake venom is a mixture of proteins, some toxic, poisonous, and some not. By analyzing the DNA, the genetic material of the proteins, the researchers could focus on the toxic genes and use them to trace the evolution of snake venom, and from this, the evolution of snakes.  
Traditionally, to understanding evolutionary relationships, we looked at various easily observed physical characteristics of animals, their skeleton, the size of their brain, and... and then classify them based on similarities and differences. The problem with this method is that characteristics that appear similar may actually have developed in quite different ways. For example, some venoms are chemical-based, and others are bacteria-based, so they clearly had to have developed along different routes and may not be as closely related as we thought.  
Now, and not everyone will agree about this. The classification based on DNA seems to be much more reliable. Ok, back to the research. The researchers found that venom evolved before snakes even existed, about a hundred million years before. Now, a couple of venomous lizards were included in this study. And the researchers found some of the same DNA in their venom as in the snakes’ venom. This suggested that the common ancestor of all snakes was actually venomous lizard, which means that actually, according to this research, anyway, in terms of the snakes’ ancestry, there is no such thing as a non-venomous snake, not even colubrids. What separates colubrids from other snakes we have been classifying is venomous, is not the lack of venom, but the lack of an effective way to deliver the venom into its prey. In most venomous snakes, like vipers and cobras, the venom is used to catch and immobilize the prey; but in colubrids, venom drips onto the prey only after the prey is in the snake’s mouth. So for colubrids, the venom must serve some other purpose, maybe linked to digesting prey. As the different families of venomous snakes evolved, the teeth moved forward, becoming larger, and the venom becoming stronger, so the evolution of the obvious venomous snakes, like cobras and vipers, is about the evolution of an efficient delivery system, not so much the evolution of the venom itself.  
So, if there are no truly non-venomous snakes, were the so-called non-venomous snakes, like constrictors and pythons, were they venomous at some point in their evolution? Well, that’s not clear at this point. Constrictors have evolved to kill their prey by crushing, but perhaps they once were venomous, and then at some point their venom-producing apparatus4 wasn’t needed anymore, so it gradually disappeared. There’s one species of snake, the brown tree snake, that uses both constriction and venom, depending on its prey. So, well, it is possible.  
So, we have these new concepts of snakes’ evolution and a new DNA database, all these information on the genetic makeup of snake venom. And what we have learned from this has led researchers to believe that venom proteins may have some exciting applications in the field of medical research. You see, venom alters biological functions in the same way certain drugs do, and the big benefit of drugs made from snakes venom would be that they target only certain cells, so maybe that’ll create fewer side effects. Now, it sounds far-fetched5, venom is the basis for human drugs. So far, only one protein has been targeted for study as a potential drug, but who knows, maybe someday.  
### TPO21 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an Art History class.  
Professor  
All right, so today we are moving on to Alice Neel, N-E-E-L. Um... Alice Neel painted portraits, she was born in Pennsylvania, and she lived from 1900 to 1984. And I guess you might say, she experienced difficulties as an artist. She was in her 70s, before she had her first major solo exhibition. Um, and this is due at least in part to eh... or... because of photography. After photography became regarded as an art form, portrait painting became less prestigious6, less respected as an art form. And, well, art photography kind of took its place, so you can imagine that a portrait artist, would have had a hard time finding acceptance.  
Eh, but the real reason I want to look at Neel, is that I really find her style ... eh, she had interesting ways of portraying people. She combined some elements of realism. What’s realism, Alison?  
Student  
It’s like painting something exactly how it is, so an artist would try to make it as accurate, um... and objective as possible. Painting stuff just how it appears on the surface.  
Professor  
Ok, good. So Neel combined realism with, well, actually, with expressionism. And that is? We, we just covered this.  
Student  
Um... It’s into emotion, like artists are trying to, well, express themselves through the painting, right?  
Professor  
Yep. The artist is depicting subjective emotions, showing the inner reality as interpreted by the artist rather than the outward form. So the image itself might be distorted or exaggerated in some way. The expression overrides7 objective representation. Ok, so, Alice Neel combined these two styles ... Yes?  
Student  
Em... How is that even possible? How can your portray something exactly as it is and at the same time distort it with emotions? I don’t get it.  
Professor  
All right, good question. It is actually a good lead-in8 to some of the techniques that Neel used, that she employed to bridge that contradiction. In a minute, I’ll show you some of her portraits, and I’ll want you to notice a few things about them.  
First, Neel’s use of bold color. All right? You’ll see she uses color to convey emotion and feeling, like the subjects’ clothing for instance, it appears brighter than it really is. And the subjects, the people being portrayed, Neel paid special attention to faces. The way she paints the eyes and how the faces are portrayed, these are quite realistic, like the realists’ work. But another thing Neel did was use elongated, sort of stretchy figures.  
Student  
But didn’t a lot of expressionist painters do that? So really your are saying that Neel’s techniques were similar to what other artists were doing. What was it that she did, that was like all her own?  
Professor  
Ok, well, I think it has to do partly with the way she combined these techniques. So, for example, those realistic faces and eyes, but bright, distorted figures. It is a mix. You’ll see that her portraits do reflect reality, the people that were actually sitting there. Realism was important in the sense that she wanted to show people as they really were, much like a photographer would. But Neel wasn’t satisfied with photo-like realism, she went beyond that. And this is where expressionism comes in.  
She believed in capturing the whole person, not just what was on the surface, that’s where the expressionists’ distortion is important, in an attempt to reveal the subjects’ character or personality.  
But Neel’s paintings are distinctive for her time in part because they are portraits. Remember I said that photography and art photography had largely taken the place of portraiture, to the extent that some critics had declared the genre of portraiture to be dead. But Neel felt that painting should reflect reality, a real realist’s stance9 you could say. And to her, individuals, people best reflect the reality of their time, of the age that they lived in, so she painted portraits. And if you look at her work, we are talking in the vicinity of10 three thousand paintings. If your looked at them, it is like this gallery of the whole century, an enormous range of subjects: families, women, children, artists, people in poverty--these paintings really span class, age and gender. It is like she transformed the genre, it is not just formal depictions of presidents and ancestors any more.  
But keep in mind that she was doing this when abstract art dominated the art scene. Representations of people weren’t fashionable in the art world. And it wasn’t until fairly late in the century that critics recognized the power of what she did.  
### TPO22 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a faculty advisor for the university newspaper.  
Student  
Hi, I am sorry to bother you, but...  
Faculty advisor  
Yes?  
Student  
This is about the newspaper.  
Faculty Advisor  
Oh, Ok. Well. I am only the advisor; the newspaper office is off campus on Pine Street. Eh...what was it? Did you want to work for the paper? We are always looking for writers.  
Student  
Well, my problem was with the writing actually, with an article that was published in yesterday’s newspaper.  
Faculty Advisor  
Oh? Which one?  
Student  
The one about the student government and its president Sally Smith.  
Faculty Advisor  
Is this something to do with what the editor wrote about the statue? Eh, the statue at the main entrance of the university?  
Student  
Well, that’s part of it. But you know, the editor used the situation to say some really unfair things, about the student government, and the president Sally Smith in particular. I think the paper should publish a retraction, or at the very least an apology to Sally.  
Faculty Advisor  
Ok. Um... if I remember correctly, what you are referring to wasn’t a news story, but an editorial, right? Eh, it was on the opinion page, it was signed by one of the editors, and was clearly labeled as commentary.  
Student  
Well, yes. But the thing about the statue, Sally made this simple comment that was in really bad condition and should be replaced. And, well, the tone in the editorial was demeaning. It accused her of not respecting the past and it had some personal stuff that seemed unnecessary.  
Faculty Advisor  
Wait a minute. Remind me.  
Student  
Well, you know, it implied that Sally doesn’t know much about the university’s history and it called her a big city politician because she’s from Boston. It’s just mean-spirited, isn’t it?  
Faculty Advisor  
Haven’t you heard the saying “all publicity is good publicity”?  
Student  
Well...  
Faculty Advisor  
I’d say the article is bringing attention to the student government organization, which is pretty invisible. Eh, you rarely hear about what the student government is doing.  
Student  
But this article...  
Faculty Advisor  
And the piece, well, yeah, it had a bit of an exaggerated tone. It was satirical, or at least it was meant to be. It wasn’t just poking fun at Sally, but the whole idea that our school is sort of rural, and you know, not cosmopolitan.  
Student  
Well, none of us thought it was very funny.  
Faculty Advisor  
Well, sometimes it’s best just to roll with it. It is just a cliché; everybody knows it is not true.  
Student  
But I thought we could expect better than that here.  
Faculty Advisor  
Well, I am certainly in favor of getting a variety of viewpoints. [so why don’t you go talk to the editor, Jennifer Hamilton, and tell her you want equal time? You or Sally could write a response.  
Student  
Really? She would let us do that? ] Didn’t she write it?  
Faculty Advisor  
I’ll let Jennifer know you are coming, she feels the same way I do. She is journalism major. She would be happy to publish another point of view.  
### TPO22 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an anthropology class.  
Professor  
One of the big questions when we look at prehistory is why did the earliest states form?  
Well, to begin we’d better define exactly what we mean when we talk about states. The human groups that are the smallest and have the least social and political complexity, we call bands. The groups that are the largest and most socially and politically complex, we call states. So, the level of complexity here refers to the organization of people into large, diverse groups, and densely populated communities. And there are four levels in total: bands, tribes, chiefdoms and states.  
But, but back to my original question. Why did early states form? Why not just continue to live in small groups? Why become more complex?  
One theory called the environmental approach hypothesizes that the main force behind state formation was population growth. It assumes that centralized management was critical to dealing with issues caused by sudden population surges, like a strain on limited food supplies.  
At the least complex end of the spectrum, the few families living in bands are able to meet their own basic needs. They usually hunt together and forage whatever foods are available to them, instead of domesticating animals and planting crops. In order to efficiently take advantage of the wild foods available, bands are often nomadic and move around following herds of animals. This strategy is feasible when you have a small population.  
But when you have a large population, well, the whole population can’t just get up and move to follow a wild herd of animals. So you need sophisticated technologies to produce enough food for everyone. And there is an increase need to resolve social problems that arise as people begin to compete for resources. To manage intensified food production, to collect, store and distribute food, you need centralized decision-making, centralized decision-makers.  
It’s the same thing when it comes to maintaining social order. You need to create and efficiently enforce a formal legal code. It makes sense to have a centralized authority in charge of that, right? So a hierarchy forms. By definition, states had at least three social levels. Usually, an upper class of rulers, a middle-class comprised of managers and merchants, and a lower class of crop producers and agricultural laborers.  
The environmental approach hypothesizes that states appear in certain environmental settings, settings which have a severe population problem or a shortage of agricultural land. But not everyone agrees with the theory. It definitely has some weaknesses. For example, states have developed in places like the mild lowlands of Mesoamerica and in Egypt’s Nile River Valley. Both places had vast areas of fertile farmland, no shortage of agricultural land. And what about population increase? Well, there were some early states that formed where there wasn’t any sudden population increase. So it seems that these are valid criticisms of the environmental approach.  
### TPO22 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an astronomy class.  
Professor  
Today, I want to talk about a paradox the ties in with the topic we discuss last time. We were discussing the geological evidence of water, liquid water on Earth and Mars three to four billion years ago. So, what evidence of a liquid water environment did we find in rock samples taking from the oldest rocks on Earth?  
Student  
Eh... Like pebbles, fossilized algae?  
Professor  
Right. And on Mars?  
Student  
Dry channels?  
Professor  
Good. All evidence of water in liquid form, large quantities of it. Now, remember when we talked about star formation, we said that as a star ages, it becomes brighter, right? Hydrogen turns into Helium, which releases energy. So our standard model of star formation suggests that the Sun wasn’t nearly as bright three to four billion years ago as it is today, which means the temperatures on Earth and Mars would have been lower, which in turn suggests...  
Student  
There would have been ice on Earth or Mars?  
Professor  
Correct. If the young Sun was much fainter and cooler than the Sun today, liquid water couldn’t have existed on either planet. Now, this apparent contradiction between geologic evidence and the stellar evolution model became known as the faint young Sun paradox.Now, there have been several attempts to solve this paradox. First, there was the greenhouse-gas solution. Well, you are probably familiar with the greenhouse gas effect, so I won’t go into details now. The idea was that trapped greenhouse gases in the atmospheres of Earth and Mars might have caused temperatures to raise enough to compensate for the low heat the young Sun provided. And so it would have been warm enough on these planets for liquid water to exist. So, what gas do you think was the first suspect in causing the greenhouse effect?  
Student  
Um...carbon dioxide, I guess. Like today?  
Professor  
In fact, studies indicate that four billion years ago, carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere were much higher than today’s levels. But the studies also indicate that they weren’t high enough to do the job—make up for a faint Sun. Then some astronomers came up with the idea that atmospheric ammonia might have acted as a greenhouse gas. But ammonia would have been destroyed by the ultra-violet light coming from the Sun and it had to be ruled out too. Another solution, which is proposed much later, was that perhaps the young Sun wasn’t faint at all, perhaps it was bright. So it is called the bright-young-Sun solution, according to which the Sun would have provided enough heat for the water on Earth and Mars to be liquid. But how could the early Sun be brighter and hotter than predicted by the standard model? Well, the answer is mass.  
Student  
You mean the Sun had more mass when it was young?  
Professor  
Well, if the young Sun was more massive than today’s, it would have been hotter and brighter than the model predicts. But this would mean that it had lost mass over the course of four billion years.  
Student  
Is that possible?  
Professor  
Actually, the Sun is constantly losing mass through the solar wind, a stream of charged particles constantly blowing off the Sun. we know the Sun’s current rate of mass loss, but if we assume that this rate has been steady over the last four billion years, the young Sun wouldn’t have been massive enough to have warmed Earth, let alone Mars, not enough to have caused liquid water.  
Student  
Maybe the solar wind was stronger then?  
Professor  
There is evidence that the solar wind was more intense in the past. But we don’t know for sure how much mass our Sun’s lost over the last four billion years. Astronomers tried to estimate what solar mass could produce the required luminosity to explain liquid water on these planets. They also took into account that with a more massive young Sun, the planets would be closer to the Sun than they are today. And they found that about seven percent more mass would be required.  
Student  
So the young Sun had seven percent more mass than our Sun?  
Professor  
Well, we don’t know. According to observations of young Sun like stars, our Sun may have lost as much as six percent of its initial mass, which doesn’t quite make it. On the other hand, this estimate is based on a small sample. And the bright-young-Sun solution is appealing. We simply need more data to determine the mass loss rate of stars. So there’s reason to believe that we will get an answer to that piece of the puzzle one day.  
### TPO22 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a conversation between a student and his music history professor.  
Student  
So, I was wondering what I could do to improve my paper before the final draft is due.  
Professor  
Well, Michael, I have no problem with your writing style. It’s graceful and clear. Eh, and it’s interesting that you are writing about your grandmother’s piano concert.  
Student  
Yeah, when you said we had to attend a concert and write about it, I immediately thought of her. I have been to lots of her concerts. So I am really familiar with her music.  
Professor  
That’s not necessarily an advantage. Familiarity sometimes makes it hard to see things objectively.  
Student  
So I shouldn’t write about my grandmother?  
Professor  
No, no, no. I am just talking in general. But as I mentioned in my comments, I’d like you to place your grandmother’s concert in... in a broader context.  
Student  
Yeah, I saw that, but I wasn’t sure what you meant. I mean, I mentioned my grandmother’s childhood, how much her parents love music, how she played the piano at all our family gatherings.  
Professor  
Ok. I see what happened now. By broader context, I mean how the concert relates to some period in music history.  
Student  
I see. Ok. Um... I have an idea.  
Professor  
Ok.  
Student  
Well, as you read in my paper, my grandmother performs classical music.  
Professor  
Yes.  
Student  
That’s her true love. But for most of her career, she performed jazz. She originally studied to be a classical pianist. But jazz was in its heyday back then, and when she got out of the conservatory, she was invited to join a jazz orchestra. And the opportunity was just too good to turn down.  
Professor  
Really. Well, that’s fascinating. Because she probably had to reinvent her whole musical style.  
Student  
She did. But jazz was where the money was at that time, at least for her.  
Professor  
But she eventually went back to classical?  
Student  
Right. But only recently.  
Professor  
Ok.  
Student  
So if I can show how her choices relate to what was happening in the world of music at the time...?  
Professor  
I think that might work very nicely.  
Student  
And if I do that, I guess I’ll have to like, interview her.  
Professor  
Right.  
Student  
And I guess that would mean...  
Professor  
You’ll have to rewrite most of your paper.  
Student  
Ouch!  
Professor  
Yeah. Would an extra week ease the pain?  
Student  
Definitely.  
Professor  
Ok. So are there other musicians in your family?  
Student  
Yeah. My mother plays piano, too. Not as well as my grandmother, but...  
Professor  
And you?  
Student  
I don’t play any instruments, but I sing in the university choir. In fact, we are performing next week, and I have a solo.  
Professor  
That’s great! Could I tell the class about your concert?  
Student  
Um...sure. But...about my paper... what question should I be asking my grandmother?  
Professor  
You know what, I have a meeting now. Why don’t you come to class a few minutes early tomorrow?  
Student  
Will do.  
### TPO22 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a zoology class.  
Professor  
A mass extinction as when numerous species become extinct over a very short time period, short, geologically speaking that is, like when the dinosaurs died out 65 million years ago. And the fossil record, it indicates that in all the time that animals have inhabited Earth, there have been five great mass extinctions, dinosaurs being the most recent. In each of the others up to half of all land animals and up to 95 percent of marine species disappeared.  
Well, today we are witnessing a sixth mass extinction, but unlike the others, the current loss of bio-diversity can be traced to human to human activity. Since the Stone Age, humans have been eliminating species and altering ecosystems with astounding speed. Countless species have disappeared due to over-hunting, habitat destruction and habitat fragmentation, pollution and other unnatural human causes.  
So, as a way of repairing some of that damage, a group of conservation biologists has proposed an ambitious, or some might say, a radical plan, involving large vertebrates, or , megafauna. Megafauna include elephants, wild horses, big cats, camels, large animals. Eh, actually, the proposal focuses on a particular subset of megafauna, the kind that lived during the Pleistocene epoch.  
Ok. The Pleistocene epoch, most commonly known as the Ice Age, stretched from 1.8 million to 11,500 years ago. In the Americas, many megafauna began disappearing by the end of the Pleistocene.So here’s the biologists’ idea. Take a select group of animals, megafauna from places like Africa and Asia, and introduce them into other ecosystems similar to their current homes, beginning in the United States. They call their plan Pleistocene rewilding.  
Now, the advocates of Pleistocene rewilding cite two main goals. One is to help prevent the extinction of some endangered megafauna by providing new refuges, new habitats for them. The other is to restore some of the evolutionary and ecological potential that has been lost in North America. What do I mean by restore evolutionary potential? Well as you know the evolution of any species is largely influenced by its interactions with other species.  
So during the Pleistocene epoch... let’s take the now extinct American cheetah, for instance. We believe it played a pivotal role in the evolution of the pronghorn antelope, the antelope’s amazing speed, to be exact, because natural selection would favor those antelope that could outrun a cheetah. When the American cheetahs disappeared, their influence on the evolution of pronghorn and presumably on other prey animals stopped. So it is conceivable that the pronghorn antelope would have continued to evolve, get faster maybe, if the cheetahs were still around. That’s what’s meant by evolutionary potential. Importing African cheetahs to the western United States could, in theory, put the pronghorn back onto its... uh, natural evolutionary trajectory according to these biologists.  
Another example is the interaction of megafauna with local flora, in particular, plants that rely on animals to disperse their seeds. Like Pleistocene rewilding could spark the re-emergence of large seeded American plants, such as the maclura tree. Many types of maclura used to grow in North American, buy today, just one variety remains and it is found in only two states. In the distant past, large herbivores like mastodons dispersed maclura seeds, each the size of an orange in their droppings. Well, there aren’t any mastodons left, but there are elephants, which descended from mastodons. Introduce elephants into that ecosystem and they might disperse those large maclura seeds, like their ancestors did.  
Get the idea? Restoring some of the former balance to the ecosystem? But as I alluded to earlier, Pleistocene rewilding is extremely controversial. A big worry is that these transplanted megafauna might devastate plants and animals that are native to the western United States. In the years since the Pleistocene epoch, native species have adapted to the changing environmental there, plants, smaller animals, they have been evolving without megafauna for millennia. Also, animal species that went extinct 11,000 years ago, uh, some are quite different genetically from their modern-day counterparts, like elephants don’t have thick coasts like their mastodon ancestors do when they graze the prairies of the America West during the Ice Age. Granted, the climate today is not as cold as it was in the Pleistocene. But winters on the prairie can still get pretty harsh today. And there are many more considerations. Well, you see how complex this is. If you think about it though, the core problem with this sixth mass extinction is human interference. Pleistocene rewilding is based on good intentions, but you know, it probably would just be more of the same thing.  
### TPO22 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a music history class.  
Professor  
So, uh, if you are a musician in the United States in the early twentieth century, where could you work?  
Student  
Same as now, I suppose. In an orchestra, mainly.  
Professor  
Ok. And where would the orchestra be playing?  
Student  
Uh, in a concert hall or a dance hall?  
Professor  
That’s right. And smaller groups of musicians were needed in theaters as accompaniment to visual entertainment, like cabarets and variety shows. But the largest employer for musicians back then was the film industry, especially during the silent-film era.  
Student  
Really? You mean being a piano player or something? I thought movie theaters would have used recorded music.  
Professor  
Well, no. Not during the silent-film era. We are talking a period of maybe thirty years where working in movie theaters was the best job for musicians. It was very well-paid. The rapid growth of the film industry meant movie theaters were popping up everywhere. So suddenly there was this huge demand for musicians. In fact, over 20,000 jobs for musicians were gone, disappeared at the end of the silent-film era, 20,000. Ok. So from the beginning, music was a big part of film, even at the first...  
Student  
Excuse me, professor. I think I read somewhere that they used music to drown out the sound of the film projectors?  
Professor  
Yeah. That’s good story, isn’t it? Too bad it keeps getting printed as if it were the only reason music was used. Well, think about it. Even if that were the case, noisy projectors were separated from the main house pretty quickly, yet music continued to accompany film. So, as I was saying, even the very first public projection of a film had piano accompaniment. So music was pretty much always there.  
What’s strange to me though, is that at first film music didn’t necessarily correspond to what was on the screen. You know, eh, a fast number for a chase, deep bass notes for danger, something light and humorous for comedy. And that’s instantly recognizable now, even expected. But in the very early days of film, any music was played. A theater owner would just buy a pile of sheet music and musicians will play it, no matter what it was. Pretty quickly though, thankfully, everybody realized the music should suit the film. So eventually, film makers tried to get more control over the musical accompaniment of their films., and specify what type of music to use and how fast or slow to play it.  
Student  
Are you saying there was no music written specifically for a particular movie?  
Professor  
Yeah. Original scores weren’t common then. Rarely a filmmaker might send along an original score composed especially for a film, but usually a compilation of music that already existed would be used. Yeah, that was a good time for a lot of musicians. But that all changed with the introduction of sound on film technology. Actually, even before that, organs could mimic a number of instruments and also do some sound effects. So they were starting to replace live orchestras in some movie theaters, and it only takes one person to play an organ.  
Student  
Ok. But even after that someone still had to play the music for the sound for the sound recordings, the soundtracks.  
Professor  
Yeah. But think of all the movie theaters there were, most employing about six to eight musicians, some even had full orchestras. But in the early 1930s, most theater owners installed new sound systems. So suddenly a lot of musicians were looking for work. Once recording technology took off, studio jobs working exclusively for one film company, eh, studio jobs did become available. But the thing is, each major movie company pretty much had only one orchestra for all their productions, a set number of regular musicians. So if you could get it, studio musician was a good job. If you were cut out for it, musicians had to be able to read music very well, since the producers were very conscious of how much money they were spending. They didn’t want to waste any time. So a musician was expected to play complicated pieces of music pretty much without any preparation. If one couldn’t do it, there were plenty of others waiting to try. So there was a lot of pressure to do well.  
### TPO23 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and the director of campus activities.  
Student  
I'm here 'cause... well, there's something I don't understand. I set an announcement for an event. And this morning I checked the events section of the university's website. And nothing, there is no mention of it.  
Director  
And when did you summit this request?  
Student  
Last Wednesday. I followed the instructions very carefully. I am sure it was Wednesday, because know announcements have be submitted three business days ahead of the posting day.  
Director  
And what's it for?  
Student  
A reading.  
Director  
A reading?  
Student  
Yes. A poetry reading.  
Director  
Oh, OK. When is it?  
Student  
In three days. It is an author from France we have been trying to get for a while. And now that he has finally agreed to come, no one will be there.  
Director  
Wow. This person is really coming all the way from France?  
Student  
Oh, no. He is teaching promising there will be in New York City this year. We were able to sell him on a nice size crowd , felt confident about that. Because the idea by I know how enthusiastic our group is.  
Director  
And your group ? do you have a name?  
Student  
Um ? it is kind of a loose group, you know, just a bunch of students in the French department who are interested in French literature. There's no formal structure or anything. I guess you could call us the French Literature Reading Group.  
Director  
OK. And it is a recognized group? By the university, I mean.  
Student  
No.  
Director  
OK.  
Student  
But the French Department is funding this, on the condition that we do all the legwork.  
Director  
All right. Hold on a second while I check. Well, it looks like we did receive your announcement last Wednesday. Uh, looks like the editors must have decided not to include your event in this week's listings.  
Student  
Not included? Why?  
Director  
Well, we don't post things automatically. We get so many requests that we couldn't possibly post them all. So events that are thought to be too specialized, without the potential for really wide appeal...  
Student  
Wow, I got to say that does surprise me. What am I going to do now? I mean, he really is quite famous. I really do think there would be a genuine interest beyond my group. It would be a shame if no one shows up because there isn't enough publicity. Is there anyone else I can talk to?  
Director  
I don't think that would do you much good since we are already working on next week's schedule. But maybe you could ask the French department to post the announcement on its website. And maybe you could approach some other departments as well, you know, relevant ones.  
Student  
I knew we should have done a poster. But everybody was like, oh, you can just post it online. In any event, thanks for you help. It's something to consider.  
### TPO23 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class.  
Professor  
I was talking to one of my colleagues in the physics department the other day, and we ended up discussing how one discovery can change everything. My colleague mentioned how the theory of relativity completely changed the field of physics. At any rates, that conversation got me thinking about archaeological finds that really changed our understanding of ancient civilizations. So I want to talk about the discovery of the Antikythera Mechanism.  
The Antikythera Mechanism was found a hundred years ago, under water in an ancient Greek shipwreck in the Mediterranean Sea. It was in extremely poor condition and in many corroded pieces. But once we figured out what it was and reconstructed it. Well, I simply don't have the words to convey how extraordinary this find was.  
The Antikythera Mechanism is a relatively small device, roughly the size of a shoebox, made of gears fitted inside a wooden case. In its original state, there were rotating dials and other indicators on the top, with letters and drawings showing the Sun, the phases of the moon and different constellations. Inside the box, bronze gears would have rotated the displays. The displays, uh, the indicators of the Antikythera Mechanism, would then moved to show the motion of the Sun and moon relative to the planets and stars. The device could be used to tell the different phases of the moon and much more.  
Well, scientists have recently analyzed the inscriptions on the mechanism and re-examine the other cargo in the ship wreck, and the evidence makes an absolute case that this device dates back to ancient Greece somewhere between 150 and 100 B.C.E. What makes that so fascinating is that before we found the Antikythera Mechanism, the earliest device we had that could track the Sun and moon like this was invented over 1,000 years later. So when this was first found, people literally would not believe it. Some of my colleagues insisted it had to have been made well after 100 B.C.E. But this physical evidence was conclusive. It was that old.  
Of course part of what made this find so unusual is that the Antikythera Mechanism is constructed of bronze. Now, it is not that bronze was all that rare in Greece then, it is just that bronze was valuable and could easily be recycled. It would have been relatively easy for a person with knowledge of metals to melt down bronze objects and forge them into ? well, say, coins. Bronze was used to made money back then. Or mold the bronze into anything else of value for that matter.  
We are very fortunate that the device ended up under water, because otherwise it probably would have ended up recycled into ? who knows what. Now, it was a challenge to figure out the Antikythera Mechanism. It spent over 2,000 years at the bottom of the sea before it was discovered. And even after it was discovered, it was still a number of years before we really understood what it was. You see, the mechanism had corroded underwater, and many of the gears were stuck together in a mass. Cleaning it was only partly successful. We could only get a good look at the structure of the gears after gamma-rays were used to see inside, very similar to the way X-rays are used to see your bones.  
Now, once we got a good look inside, we saw a really complex device. The many gears not only moved in a way that could indicate the phases of the moon. The Antikythera Mechanism also tracked both the lunar year and the solar year. Additionally, the gears also moved to match the motions of the planet and predicted eclipses. But one thing that is particularly notable is that the mechanism was so precise that it even took into account a particular irregularity in the moon's orbit, which requires some very complex math to replicate in mechanical device.  
You could say that the Antikythera Mechanism was a very precise calendar, which stands to reasons calendars were very important to ancient peoples. Religious festivals had to be held at the right time of year, crops needed to be planted at the right time as well. And let's not forget that eclipses in planetary motions had important symbolic meanings.  
### TPO23 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an environmental science class.  
Professor  
Basically, a cloud either contributes to the cooling of Earth's surface or to its heating. Earth's climate system is constantly trying to strike a balance between the cooling and warming effects of clouds.  
It's very close, but overall the cumulative effects of cloud are to cool Earth rather than heat it. And this balance between the amount of solar radiation, energy from the Sun, that's absorbed by Earth, and the amount that's reflected back into space. We call this Earth's radiation budget. And one way we keep track of the radiation budget is by looking at the albedo of the different surfaces on the planet.  
A surface's albedo is the percentage of incoming solar energy, sunlight, that's reflected off that surface back into space. Oceans have a low albedo, because they reflect very little energy. Most of the solar energy that reaches the ocean gets absorbed and heats the water. Um... rainforests also have low albedos. Well, by contrast, deserts and areas covered by ice and snow, these places have high albedos. And clouds, in general, cloud also have high albedos. That means that a large percentage of the solar energy clouds receive is reflected into space.  
OK. Now, when we say that clouds have a high albedo. We are talking about the effect of all the clouds on earth averaged together. But different types of clouds have different reflective properties, they have different albedos.  
Student  
So which type of clouds cools Earth? And which type heat it?  
Professor  
Well, high thin clouds contribute to heating while low thick clouds cool Earth. High thin clouds are very transparent to solar radiation, like, uh, clear air. So they mostly transmit incoming solar energy down to Earth. There's not much reflection going at all. At the same time, these clouds trap in some of Earth's heat. Because of the trapped heat, these clouds have an overall heating effect.  
Student  
Oh. OK. Since low thick clouds are not transparent to radiation...  
Professor  
Exactly. They block most of the solar energy so it never reaches Earth's surface. They reflect much of it back out into space.  
Student  
So that's how they contribute to cooling?  
Professor  
Yep. And as I said earlier, this cooling effect predominates. Now, what if there was a process that could control the type of clouds that form?  
Student  
Are you talking about controlling the weather?  
Professor  
Well, I am not sure I would go that far. But we recently noticed an increase in cloud cover over an area of the ocean waters around Antarctica. An increased area of low thick clouds, the type that reflects a large portion of solar energy back to space and cools the Earth.  
Well, the reason for this increased cloud cover, it turns out, is the exceptionally large amount of microscopic marine plants. Well, the current hypothesis is that these microorganisms produce a chemical, dimethyl sulfide that interacts with the oxygen in the air, creating conditions that lead to the formation of the low thick clouds we observed. Well, that's true. It could have huge implications. So, maybe we are talking about controlling the weather. Perhaps, if the microorganisms near Antarctica really are responsible, perhaps we can accelerate the process somehow.  
### TPO23 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and his English professor.  
Professor  
Hi, Bob. How is it going? Are you enjoying the Introduction to Literature class?  
Bob  
Yeah, it's great. Araby, that short story by James Joyce we read last week, it was awesome.  
Professor  
I'm glad you like it. Most of Joyce's work is very complex. A lot of students say that he is hard to understand. Normally, you wouldn't tackle Joyce in an Intro class, but I'd like to give my first year students a taste of his style, his psychological approach to literature, because ? mainly because it influenced other writers. I only wish we had more class time to discuss it.  
Bob  
Me too. So why did you pick Araby instead of some other story?  
Professor  
Well, um, first you should know that Araby is one of fifteen short stories by Joyce in a book called Dubliners. Uh, all the stories are related to one another, and they are set in the same time period. But Araby is the easiest one to follow. Though all the stories in the collection are written in stream of consciousness, which as you know, means they are told through the narrator's thought, through an inner monologue, as opposed to dialogue or an objective description of events. But Araby is easier because it's linear, the story unfold chronologically.  
Bob  
Still, I wish we could read whole novels by Joyce and discussed them in class.  
Professor  
That's what happens in my Master Writer Class.  
Bob  
Master Writer Class?  
Professor  
Yeah, I teach one on Joyce every spring. It's such a privilege, spending an entire term diving into a single body of work. And my students, they bring so much insight to the table that it's easy to forget who the professor is.  
Bob  
Oh, wow. That could actually solve my dilemma, uh, what I originally wanted to ask you ? um, I am working on my schedule for next term, and I've got room for one more course, and I'd like to take more literature. Could I take your Master Writer Class on Joyce?  
Professor  
I'm sorry. I should have mentioned. Uh, Master Writer is an advanced seminar. So students need to get a strong foundation in literary theory and criticism before I let them in the room.  
Bob  
But I have gotten really good grades on all my paper so far, I'm sure I can keep up. Couldn't you make an exception?  
Professor  
Your grades are excellent. But in our intro class, you are reviewing the basics, like plots, setting and character and getting your first real exposure to different literary styles.  
Bob  
But why do I have to study different styles to understand Joyce's novels?  
Professor  
There are a lot of little details involved in interpreting literature. And like with Joyce. His novels have very unique structures. The only way to appreciate how you meet there is by studying a variety of authors.  
Bob  
Oh, OK. So could you suggest a different literature class then?  
Professor  
Sure. There's doctor Clain's course on nineteenth-century novels. It's more focused than the class you're in now. But it will build on your current knowledge base and give you the background you need. That, plus a couple more foundational classes, and you will definitely be ready for my seminar.  
Bob  
Sweet. Thanks.  
### TPO23 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a marine biology class.  
Professor  
We have been talking about how sea animals find their way underwater, how they navigate, and this brings up an interesting puzzle, and one I'm sure you'll all enjoy. I mean, everybody loves dolphins, right?  
And dolphins, well, they actually produce two types of sounds. Uh, one being the vocalizations you are probably all familiar with, which they emit through their blowholes. But the one we are concerned with today is the rapid clicks that they use for echolocation, so they can sense what is around them. These sounds, it has been found, are produced in the air-filled nasal sacs of the dolphin.  
And the puzzle is how does the click sounds get transmitted into the water? It's not as easy as it might seem. You see, the denser the medium, the faster sound travels. So sound travels faster through water than it does through air. So what happens when a sound wave um ? OK.  
You've got a sound wave traveling merrily along through one medium, when suddenly; it hits a different medium, what does gonna happen then? Well, some of the energy is going to be reflected back, and some of it is going to be transmitted into the second medium. And ? and ? and if the two media have really different densities, like air and water, then most of the energy is going to be reflected back, very little of it will keep going, uh, get transmitted into the new medium. I mean, just think how little noise from the outside world actually reaches you when your head is underwater.  
So, how did the dolphin's clicks get transmitted from its air-filled nasal sacs into the ocean water? Because given the difference in density between the air in the nasal cavity and the seawater, we'd expect those sounds to just kind of go bouncing around inside the dolphin's head, which will do it no good at all. If it's going to navigate it, needs those sounds to be broadcast and bounced back from objects in its path.  
Well, turns out dolphins have a structure in their foreheads, just in front of their nasal sacs, called a melon. Now, the melon is kind of a large sac-like pouch, made up of fat tissue. And this fat tissue has some rather fascinating acoustical properties. Most of the fat that you find in an animal's body is used for storing energy, but this fat, which you find in dolphins, and only in the melon and around the lower jaw. This fat is very different, very rich in oil. And it turns out it has a very different purpose as well.  
Now, one way to um, modify the overcome this mismatch in the density of air and water would be ? if you travels through velocity of the sound wave, make it precisely match the speed at which water. And that's exactly what marine biologists have discovered the melon Note that the bursa, these little projections at the rear of the melon, are right up against the air-filled nasal sacs. And these bursa, it turns out, are what's responsible for transferring sound to the melon.  
The sound waves are then transmitted by the bursa through the melon. First through a low velocity core, and then through a high velocity shell, where their speed is increased before they are transmitted into the surrounding seawater. So now the signals can be efficiently transferred into the water, with minimal reflection.  
The only other place, this special fatty tissue, like that in the melon, the only other place is found in the dolphin, is in the lower jaw. Turns out that the lower jaw, well, it is made of a specially thin bone. And it is very sensitive to vibrations, to sound energy traveling through the seawater. It turns out that the jaw is primarily responsible for capturing and transferring returning sound waves to the dolphin’s inner ear. So these rapid clicks that are sent out bounce off objects, maybe a group of fish swimming over here, a boat coming from over there. The sounds bounce off them and the lower jaw captures the returning sounds, making it possible for the dolphin to sense what's in the surrounding water and decide where to swim.  
### TPO23 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a choreography class.  
Professor  
Now, when you think about choreography, well, uh, for your last assignment, you choreographed the dance that was performed on stage in front of live audience. Now, screen dance is very different. It is a dance routine you will be choreographing specifically to be viewed on a screen, on a computer screen, a TV screen, in a movie theater, any screen. So the question we have to ask is, what's the difference between choreography for a live performance and choreography for on-screen viewing?  
OK. Think for a minute. When you see a movie, is it just a film of people acting on a stage? Of course not. Movies use a variety of camera angles and creative editing. Movies can distort time, slow movement down, or speed it up, show actors fading in and out of scenes, etc. All of these ? all of these film-making techniques, things that can't be used in a live performance, are possible in a screen dance. Now, we'll cover these concepts in greater detail later, but you should be getting the idea that I don't want you to just film dancers on stage and turn it in as your screen dance project. Uh, Yes? Debbie.  
Student  
But isn't something lost here, Professor Watson? I am a dancer, and when I perform on stage, I am so energized by the audience's reactions, the applause. I actually, and for a lot of dancers, it… it really inspires us.  
Professor  
You're right. Screen dance, which is a relatively new, isn't for everyone. Uh, some dancers may seem reluctant to participate in your project, because they do thrive on the immediacy of performing live. If this happens, you could point out that screen dance offers other ways for dancers to connect to their audience. For example, dancers can express themselves, even change the whole mood of the scene through a facial expression. And you could film close-up shots of their faces. Facial expressions aren't as important in live performances generally, because the choreographer knows that someone in the back row of a theater may not be able to see a dancer's face clearly.  
Student  
But… um, I have never used a movie camera or edited film before. How will we learn everything we need to know to…  
Professor  
Oh, don't worry. The cameras you will be using are pretty simple to operate. And you'll get to play with the film-editing software several times before beginning your project. You'll also have the option of working with a student in the film department, someone who's familiar with the technology. But the choreography and the end result will be your responsibility of course.  
Student  
Could you talk some more about the film - making techniques, you know, the ones that work best for screen dances?  
Professor  
I'll show some of my favorite screen dances next week to give you a better idea. But, uh, OK. Here's one technique that can create the illusion of flow in a screen dance. You film the same dancer, entering and exiting the frame several times. Moving slowly at first, then faster and faster. Then in the editing room, you can digitally manipulate these images, like you might put five or ten or twenty copies of that same dancer meeting himself in the middle of the screen, to make it look like he is dancing with himself.  
Obviously, this can't be done in a live performance. Another example, in one screen dance I saw, the dancers leap through sheets of fire in a big abandoned building. Of course, the building wasn't really on fire. A technique called super-imposing was used. The dancers were filmed and layered in the editing room. The fire was added to the background.  
Student  
That sounds awesome. But if anyone can watch a dance on a computer screen. Why would they pay to go see a live performance? What if screen dance got so popular that it replaced live dance?  
Professor  
Screen dance is an entirely different type of presentation. It could never replicate the immediacy, the kind of drama that live performance offers. There will be an audience for that. I think what screen dance will do, though, is heighten awareness of dance in general. Because it is a way… uh, it can reach people in their homes, in their workplaces, at anytime really. And if someone discovers that they love dance by watching a screen dance, there's a good chance they will get interested enough to buy a ticket to see a live performance.  
### TPO24 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a clerk in the bookstore.  
Student  
Hi. Can you tell me where to find New Kind of Science? By, uh, by Stephen Wolfram.  
Clerk  
OK  
Student  
...uh, I couldn't find it  
Clerk  
OK. Let me look it up on the computer for you. Who would you say the author was?  
Student  
It's a Stephen Wolfram.  
Clerk  
OK. Let's see... Hmm... no, it's not coming up. Hmm..,. I am not seeing it.  
Student  
Um...hmm.  
Clerk  
This is for a course here at the university, right?  
Student  
Yeah, It's assigned reading for a class I am taking.  
Clerk  
It's for the semester, right? You are not buying it in advance for next year or anything.  
Student  
No, no. It's for a class I am taking now.  
Clerk  
Hmm...  
Student  
Oh, oh, you know what? Um, it's for a graduate class. Would that maybe make a difference? I mean, I am an undergrad, but I am just taking this one class in the graduate department, so...  
Clerk  
No, no. I don't think that's it. That shouldn't make any difference. But, hmm... let me see... maybe it's just...it could be that whoever that entered it misspelled the title or the author's name, so I can't find it on the computer and I can't tell if it's sold out. But if it's sold out, we would probably be getting a new shipment within about a week or so.  
Student  
Well, uh, I was hoping to get it sooner because like we already have assignments and you know, I mean, I guess I can get it from the library.  
Clerk  
Right, of course. But I am trying to check. If we've ordered more, then that back orders information should be in the computer too. Let's see... back order... Wolfram, Stephen..,. no, no. I am not seeing it. I am sorry. We just don't seem to carry it.  
Student  
Uh-huh.  
Clerk  
This is odd though. What is...what's your professor's name? I could try searching for his or her classes in the database. That might help.  
Student  
Um...OK. It's professor Kayne.  
Clerk  
K-A-N-E?  
Student  
No. It's professor Kayne, K-A-Y-N-E. He's in the computer science department.  
Clerk  
Oh. It's for a computer science course, is it?  
Student  
Yeah.  
Clerk  
Well, that must be it. Computer science books are sold across the street in the computer bookstore.  
Student  
Are there signs up anywhere?  
Clerk  
I don't know.  
Student  
Maybe they should put some up. It could have save us both some time.  
Clerk  
Yeah. Well, anyway, I'll bet that's the problem. Check across the street. I’ll bet they have it. But if not, come back, and I'll help you find it somewhere else. I can call around to see if other bookstores might have it. OK?  
Student  
OK. Thanks a lot. Bye.  
Clerk  
Bye.  
### TPO24 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a Biology class.  
Professor  
OK. For today, let's look at a reptile, a predator that hasn't evolved much in the last seventy million years. No discussion of reptiles would be complete without some mention of crocodiles.  
Now, we tend to think of crocodiles as, uh, kind of solitary, hiding out in a swamp, uh, kind of mysterious creatures. But we are finding out that they aren't as isolated as they seem. In fact, crocodiles interact with each other in a variety of ways. One way is with vocalizations, you know, sounds generated by the animal. This is true of the whole crocodile family, which includes crocodiles themselves, alligators, etc.  
Take American alligators. If you were to go to a swamp during the breeding season, you'd hear a chorus of sounds, deep grunts, hisses, these are sounds that male alligators make.  
And some of them are powerful enough to make the water vibrate. This sends a strong, go-away message to the other males. So the alligator can focus on sending other sound waves through the water, sound waves that you and I couldn't even hear since they are at such low frequency. But they do reach the female alligator, who then goes to find and mate with the male.  
Vocalization is um...well, it is used for other reasons, like getting attention or just, um... letting others know you are distressed. Let's see. New-born crocodiles, or hatchlings and their interactions with their mothers. When they are born, croc... baby crocodiles have a sort of muffled cry while they are in their nest. Hatchlings are really vulnerable, especially to birds and small mammals when they are born. But their mother, who has been keeping vigil nearby, hears their cry for help and carries them to safety, meaning, to water.  
So she takes them out of the nest. Uh, uh, all the eggs hatched at once, so she has about forty newborns to look after. Well, she takes about fifteen out of the nest at a time, carrying them in her mouth to the nearby water. While she is taking one load of hatchlings, the others wait for her to come back.  
But do you think they are quiet about it? No way. They are clamoring for the mother's attention, sort of squeaking and practically saying-don't forget about me!  
I heard some great examples of this on the television program on crocodiles last week. Anyone watched it? It had a few interesting bits. But you know, uh, you have to be careful, think critically. Sometimes I don't know where these shows find their experts.  
Student  
Excuse me. But, um... does all that crying defeat the purpose? I mean, doesn't it attract more predators?  
Professor  
Hmm...good question. I guess, well, I am guessing that once the babies have the mother's attention, they are safe. She's never too far away, and, and I think...I mean, would you mess with a mother crocodile?  
So after the mother transports all the youngsters, they still call to each other, and to their mother. This communication continues right through to adulthood. Crocodiles have about eighteen different sounds that they can make. There's...um...um... you have deep grunting sounds, hisses, growls, are many different sounds to interact or send messages. This is more typical of mammals than of reptiles. I mean, crocodiles' brains are the most developed of any reptile. In that sense, they are closer to mammals' brains than other reptiles' brains. And we know that mammals, dogs for example, dogs vocalize many different sounds. Crocodiles have a similar level of, uh, vocal sophistication, if you will, which makes them unique among reptiles.  
Another thing would be, um, if a hatchling gets separated from the rest of its family, once the others get far enough away, its survival instinct kicks in. It will make a loud distress call, which its siblings answer. It calls again. And they continue calling back and forth until they all find each other again.  
Another thing, something that wasn't on that TV show I mentioned. Um... mother crocodiles lead their young from one area to another, like when they have to find a different source of water. Usually she will lead them at night, when it is safer for them, moving ahead and then letting out calls of reassurance so that they will follow her. Her voice helps give the babies the courage they need to leave the area and go some place that's a more desirable home for them.  
### TPO24 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a dance history class.  
Professor  
As we have been studying, ballet, the classical ballet, is based on formalized movements, specific positioning of the arms, feet and the body. So, now let's move on to modern dance, also known as theatrical dance. Modern dance evolved in the late nineteenth, early twentieth century, and in most cases, audiences were very receptive to this radical new type of performing art.  
Student  
Um... what made modern dance so radical?  
Professor  
Well, for example, I think the best analogy to modern dance is modern art or modern music. Compared to their classical predecessors, these newer art forms are freer, more experimental, more improvisational.  
Modern dance seeks to show how deep emotions and the music itself, how these intangible attributes can affect and inspire physical movement, and how movement can convey emotions to the audience. As I said, in classical ballet, emotions are conveyed through a set of strictly formalized movements.  
Now, a pioneer of modern dance was Isadora Duncan, who was born in 1878. Isadora Duncan did study ballet briefly as a child, but she quickly developed her own unique style, which she called free dance. And by age fourteen, she was teaching her free dance to young children and giving recitals.  
Her early dance technique was loosely based on the natural movements of children, running, skipping, acting out stories, also on motions from nature, waves crashing onto shore, trees swaying in the wind. Her expressive gestures were motivated from within rather than from being dictated by strict technique. Duncan also wore her hair down, ballerinas typically wear their hair in a tight bun behind the head. And instead of the short steep skirts and rigid toe-shoes worn by ballerinas, Duncan wore loose, flowing tunics, and she dance bare foot. Now, that was something her audiences had never seen before.  
Duncan performed in Paris composers, but avoiding set audiences, for the most part, and other European cities, dancing to the music of classical movements and steps, no two performances were alike. And adored her. In 1904, she opened a school of modern dance in Berlin. And the next year she performed in Russia. But the Russian critics were not really kind. Some said Duncan's art form was closer to pantomime than to dance. But her style was a clear rebellion against ballet, and ballet is extremely important in Russia. A question, Julie?  
Student  
Yeah. What did Duncan have against ballet? I mean, she studied it as a child.  
Professor  
As a youngster, she might have found it too restrictive, uh, not creative enough. I think that feeling is exemplified by something that happened earlier in her career, in Russia. Duncan attended a ballet, and the lead dancer was the renowned Russian ballerina,Ana Pavlova. The following day, Pavlova invited Duncan to watch her practice.  
Duncan accepted but was appalled by what she saw. To her, the exercises that Pavlova and the other ballerinas were doing seemed painful, even harmful, standing on tiptoe for hours, moving their bodies in unnatural ways. After seeing this, Duncan publicly denounced ballet as a form of acrobatics, uh, complicated and excruciating mechanism she called it. This critic generated I think some undue rivalry between ballet and modern dance, and it would take a long time, many years in fact, for the rivalry to calm down.  
### TPO24 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and his geography professor.  
Student  
Hi. Professor Brown.  
Professor  
Hi. Paul. What can I do for you?  
Student  
I have a question about the final exam. I mean, will it cover everything we've done all term? Or just what we've been doing since the mid-term exam.  
Professor  
Everything we've done all term.  
Student  
Oh, boy. You know, I am still not too clear about the hydrologic cycle, um, the transfer of water back and forth between the earth and the atmosphere. I really blew the question about it on the mid-term exam. I want to do better on the final exam. But I am still having trouble with it.  
Professor  
Well, uh, have you been to the tutoring center?  
Student  
No, not for geography anyway. Isn't that just for when you need help with writing, like an essay or a research paper.  
Professor  
Oh, no. you can get tutoring in a lot of subjects. Some graduate students from this department tutor there.  
Student  
That's good to know. But I hardly go there because I have a part-time job. I never seem to be free when they are open.  
Professor  
Well, they will be extending their hours when final exams begin. You might try then. But um... Well, since you are here now, can I help you with something?  
Student  
Well, the hydrologic cycle. I remember we went over a diagram in class. And from what I remember, water changes back and forth from water in lakes and oceans to vapor, and then back to water again when it falls as rain or snow, as precipitation. It's constantly being recycled through evaporation and condensation.  
Professor  
That's it. Basically. Um... so exactly what is it you don't understand?  
Student  
OK. I guess what I am really confused about is how the topography of the land, the mountains and valleys and stuff, affects precipitation.  
Professor  
OK. Good question. Precipitation is influenced by topography among other things. Um, why don't we talk about lake-effect snow? It's a phenomenon that occurs anywhere you have a large lake that doesn't freeze and have cold air flowing over it, mostly in the Northern Hemisphere.  
Student  
Like the great lakes in the United States?  
Professor  
Yeah. What happens is that the cold arctic air blows across the lake from the north in winter. And as the air crosses the lake, the lower layer is warmed by the lake water, which is much warmer than the arctic air. And as this air is warmed and picks up moisture, it becomes lighter than the air above it.  
Student  
So it starts to rise, right?  
Professor  
Yes. And clouds begin to form. When the air gets closer to the shore, it's slowed down by the land and starts to pile up. So it rises even faster because it has nowhere else to go, that's where topography comes into the picture.  
Student  
And then it snows because as the air rises, it cools off and loses its capacity to hold water vapor.  
Professor  
That's right.  
Student  
OK. Thanks. Any chance you'll have this question on the final?  
Professor  
I don't know yet. But you seem to have a handle on it.  
### TPO24 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class.  
Professor  
Between 11,000 and 10,000 B.C.E., North America was populated by a wide variety of great beasts, like mammoth and mastodons, both elephant-like creatures with big tusks, and camels, giant sloths, the list goes on. By about 10,000 B.C.E., all those giant creatures, the Metgauna of North America were gone. We don't know exactly what happened to them, but there are some theories.  
One theory is that they were hunted to extinction by humans. The humans who coexisted with these giant species in North America at that time were what we today called the Clovis Peopple. And there is a Clovis site in a valley in southern California where the remains of thirteen mammoths were found. And spear points, tools for processing meat, and fire places.That would appear to be some pretty compelling evidences. Mammoth bones have also been found at some other Clovis sites.  
But then at other Clovis sites, there's also a lot of evidence that the Clovis people mostly gather plants and hunted small game, like rabbits and wild turkeys. Also there are several places in North America where you have natural accumulations of mammoth bones that look very similar to the accumulations at the Clovis site, except there's no human debris, where the mammoth almost certainly died as a result of some kind of natural disaster. So I think it is quite likely that those thirteen mammoths in southern California also died of natural causes, and that the Clovis people simply took advantage of the situation. Um...OK. That's the hunting theory.  
Now let's look at another theory, uh, an alternative to the hunting theory, the climate change theory. At around 11,500 B.C.E.,the world was coming out of an Ice Age .And with that came increased seasonality, that is, the summers became warmer, and the winters actually became colder. These extreme shifts would have put a lot of stress on the bodies of animals that were used to a more moderate range of temperatures.  
But the most important impact of this increased seasonality may very well have been its effect on the distribution of plants.  
Today we take for granted that there horizontal bands of plant communities. In the far north, it is tundra, which gives way to forest as you move southward. And even farther south, grasslands take over. But during the Ice Age, these plant communities actually grew together, mixed with one another. So Ice Age animals had access to many different types of plants, different types of food. But when the seasons became more distinct, the plant communities were pulled apart, that meant, in any given area, there was less plant diversity. And as a result, uh, so the theory goes, the Ice Age animals that depended on plant diversity couldn't survive. And the great beasts were the ones that needed the most diversity in their diet. Again, we have what at first seems like a pretty attractive theory, but then, how do you explain the fact that this has happened before? You know, global cooling followed by global warming, and there was no extinction then.  
Uh, you know, I recently read an interesting article about an archaeologist who tried to solve this puzzle with the help of his computer. What he did was, he wrote a computer program to simulate what would happen to mammoth under certain conditions. Say, for example, there is a drought for a couple of decades, or hunters are killing or five percent of the population, and so on.  
One thing he found was that humans didn't necessarily have to kill these animals in great numbers in order to nudge them toward extinction. That's because very large animals have a slow rate of reproduction, so all you have to do is remove a few young females from the herd, and you can, fairly quickly, significantly reduce the population. And then he came up with a scenario that combined some hunting by humans with some environmental stress, and...Bang! The simulated mammoths were extinct within decades. So it seems the mixture of hunting and climate change is a likely scenario. Uh, of course, computer simulations are not a substitute for hard evidence.  
### TPO24 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an astronomy class.  
Professor  
Many people have been fascinated about Venus for centuries because of its thick cloud cover, this so-called planet of mystery and all of that. Well, what's under those clouds? What's the surface of the planet like? Some questions about the surface are still unresolved but, but we have learned a lot about it in the past several years.  
First of all, let me talk about how we have been able to get past those clouds. First, there were Soviet modules2 that landed directly on the surface and sent back some images of what was around them. Second, we did some radar imaging from satellites from above. Radar can get through the clouds. So what have we learned? Yes, Karen?  
Student  
Well, I remember reading that there's not really a lot going on, that the surface of Venus is just flat and smooth in a lot of places.  
Professor  
Yeah, smooth in a lot of places. But that's not, um... that's not the whole picture. In other areas, you've got canyons, ripped valleys, meteo craters, uh, lava domes, these lava formations that look like giant pancakes. And also volcanoes. Well, one of the most interesting features on the surface are in fact the shield volcanoes. Shield volcanoes formed when magma comes out of the ground in the same spot over and over again. Remember, magma is hot molten rock that's underground, and it is called lava when it reaches the surface. Uh, so the lava builds up, and hardens, and a volcano forms. Now, the lava on Venus is thin. It spreads out easily. So shield volcanoes have very gentle sloping sides. They are called shield volcanoes, because viewed from above, they kind of resemble shields, you know, like a warrior's shield.  
But what's particularly interesting about these volcanoes is that most of the volcanoes here on Earth are not shield volcanoes. Instead, they are other volcano types, like strata volcanoes, for example, which are a result of tectonic plate movement. Remember tectonic plates? Underneath the Earth's crust, there are a number of shifting slabs or plates that are slowly moving. And in the zones on the edges of the plates where different plates meet and interact, that's where we get most of Earth's volcanoes.  
On Venus, however, volcanoes are not clustered in discrete zones like they are on Earth. Instead, they are more or less randomly scattered over Venus's surface. Well, that's significant. Venus has mostly shield volcanoes, and they are randomly scattered, that indicates that Venus does not have moving tectonic plates, and that's a big difference compared to Earth. Here on Earth, moving tectonic plates are a major geological element, just crucial for the whole surface dynamic, right?  
So why doesn't Venus have them? Well, there are a few theories. One of them is that this has to do with the fact that Venus has no surface water that's needed to kind of lubricate the movement of the plates, you know, like oceans on Earth. Yeah, I forgot to spell that out. Uh, Venus has no surface water.  
Student  
Wait a second. Did you say we have shield volcanoes on Earth? Can you give an example?  
Professor  
Sure. The volcanoes in the Hawaii islands, in the Pacific Ocean are shield volcanoes. They are formed over a hot spot of magma. So while on Earth we have several types of volcanoes, on Venus there's mostly the one type. Uh, Eric?  
Student  
Are the volcanoes on Venus still active?  
Professor  
Well, that's an interesting question. There is still some discussion on that point. But here's what we do now. First, the level of sulfur dioxide gas above Venus's clouds shows large and very frequent fluctuations. It is quite possible that these fluctuations, the huge increase and decrease of sulfur dioxide, happening again and again. It's quite possible that this is due to volcanic eruptions, because volcanic eruptions often emit gases. If that's the case, volcanism could very well be the root cause of Venus's thick cloud cover. And also we have observed bursts of radio energy from the planet's surface. These bursts are similar to what we see when volcanoes erupt on Earth. So this too suggests ongoing volcanic activity. But although this is intriguing evidence, no one's actually observed a Venus volcano erupting yet, so we can't be positive.  
