### TPO25 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and his academic advisor.  
Professor  
Hi, Mark. What can I do for you?  
Student  
I am just filling out this approval for graduation form for the dean's office, and I don't know, I hope I will be able to graduate next semester.  
Professor  
Well, as long as you've met the departmental requirements and you submit the form on time, you shouldn't have any problem. Make sure you include all the classes you will have taken for your degree in finance and the electives too.  
Student  
Yeah, but as I look over the form, I got confused because of the way, um...they've changed the requirements. So now I am not sure I will be qualified to graduate next semester. I know I would, before, under the old requirements.  
Professor  
Well, when the business department changed the curriculum to include more courses in international business, to ... well, because of the increasing globalization of business. We made sure that students who have finished their second year, that is, those who are in their third or fourth year, wouldn't be affected. The new rules only apply to students in their first or second year.  
Student  
That's good to know. Uh... the department's hiring new faculty too I heard, to teach some of the new courses. But I want to...  
Professor  
Yes. One new faculty member has been hired. She will be teaching International Banking as a matter of fact.  
Student  
Actually, that's what I want to ask about - International Banking. I took International Banking l, but I never took International Banking 2. It used to be that the second semester of International Banking was an elective, but now it says it's a required class.  
Professor  
Yes. But that's one of the recent changes. So...  
Student  
Oh, Oh, OK. Oh. And ... and I am planning to take a management course next semester, but I don't know if it's ... if it will count toward my major.   
Professor  
What's the course?  
Student  
Organizational Behavior.  
Professor  
Yes. That will count toward your major. That's a difficult class, you know. But well worth it. So it looks like you will have all the required classes you need. You should be just fine.  
Uh... I assume you have taken a seminar?  
Student  
Yeah, I took the marketing seminar.  
Professor  
OK. You are looking good. Just to be on the safe side, why don't you talk to someone in the dean's office before you give them the form?  
Student  
OK. So should I just explain to them that even though one of these classes got changed from an elective to a required class, I don't have to take it?  
Professor  
Yes. You've met the requirements for graduation. And if there's something I need to do ... if I need to write a letter or whatever, just let me know.  
Student  
OK. Thanks. I'll let you know if I need that letter.  
### TPO25 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a Conservation Biology class.  
Professor  
One consequence of global warming is extinction. There's compelling evidence that global warming will be a significant driver of many plant and animal extinctions in this century. So we are considering various strategies to help some threatened species survive this unprecedented, this warming trend which, as you know, is caused mainly by greenhouse gases produced by the burning of fossil fuels.  
Um... the most radical strategy being debated among conservation biologists is Assisted Migration. Assisted migration means picking up members of a species, or members of a group of interdependent species and physically moving or translocating them. Um... translocating threatened species to a cooler place, to higher latitudes or higher elevations, for example.  
Now, migration is a natural survival strategy. Over the past two million years, colder glacial periods have alternated with warmer interglacial periods. And so, um, in response to these gradual climatic swings, some species have shifted their ranges hundreds of kilometers.  
So perhaps you are wondering why not let nature take its course now? Well, we can't. The main problem is today's fragmented habitats. During previous interglacial periods, when glaciers retreated, they left behind open land in their wakes. Today human development has paved over much of the natural world. Ecosystems are fragmented. Housing developments, highways and cities have replaced or sliced through forests and prairies. There are a few quarters left for species to migrate through without help. So conservationists are trying to save as many species as possible.  
Now, assisted migration could become a viable part of our rescue strategy, but there are a number of uncertainties and risks. Without more research, we can't predict if Assisted Migration will work for any given species. A translocated species could die out from lack of food, for example. At the other extreme, we might successfully translocate the species, but within five or ten years that species could proliferate and become an invasive species. Like a non-native plant that chokes out native plants by hogging the nutrients in the soil. Translocated animals can become invasive too. It happened in Australia. The cane toad was introduced back in 1935 to control an insect pest that was destroying Australia's sugarcane plantations. But the cane toad itself became a pest and has destroyed much of the wildlife on that continent.  
Also, many species are interdependent, intimately connected to one another. Like animals that eat a certain plant and that plant relies on a certain fungus to help it get nutrients from soil and on a certain insect for pollination. We probably have to translocate entire networks of species and it's hard to know where to draw the line. And in addition to all that, it is not even clear that assisted migration or any migration for that matter, will help at least for some species. Earth was already in one of its warm interglacial periods when we started burning fossil fuels. And in the twenty-first century, global temperatures are expected to rise two to six degrees. That rate of heating is far greater than during the last glacial retreat some 12,000 years ago.  
Um ... whether to use Assisted Migration, this debate is mostly within the biology community right now. But the ultimate decision-makers, in the United States at least, will be the government agencies that manage natural resources. Assisted Migration really needs this level of oversight, and soon. Currently there's no public policy on using assisted migration to help species survive climate change. People aren't even required to seek permits to move plants or invertebrate animals around as long as they are not classified as pests. In one case, a group of conservationists has already taken it upon itself to try on their own to save an endangered tree, the Florida Torreya tree, through Assisted Migration.  
There's only about a thousand individual Florida Torrey as left. And global warming is expected to significantly reduce or eliminate this tree's habitat. So this conservation group wants to translocate seedlings, Florida Torreya seedlings, 500 kilometers north in order to expand the species' range. The group believed its effort is justified, but I and many other biologists will be watching very closely how this maverick group makes out, because like I said, there could be unintended consequences.  
### TPO25 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a music history class.  
Professor  
So I just finished reviewing your papers on the influence of nationalism on the composers' music. And initially I was surprised none of you chose to write about Béla Bartók, that is until I remembered we haven't had a chance to discuss him in class yet. He was a wonderful and ground-breaking composer.  
Béla Bartók was a Hungarian, whose life stretched from the late nineteenth century  
to the middle of twentieth century. But he was not a fan of the Romantic style of music that was popular in his homeland during his youth.  
Student  
Wait, Hungary wasn't a country in 1900, was it?  
Professor  
You are right. I should have been clear. Bartok was born in Austria-Hungary, a nation that broke apart when he was about forty years old. Actually, the town where he was born is presently part of Romania. The political history of that region is complex. Suffice to say that Bartok is generally known as a Hungarian composer.  
So during Bartók's youth, the music played in the concert halls of Austria-Hungary was dominated by Romantic pieces by mostly German composers. We discussed the Romantic style last week. These pieces were long and lyrical. They were meant to have a sort of grandeur about them. And in the early 1900s, composers who worked in the Romantic style were the most popular in Austria-Hungary. But Bartok, he was part of the musical community that was trying to change this. And it led him to ... well, the first thing it did was lead him to travel. He looked at the countryside for the music of the farmers and the people who lived in small towns, and their music, well, you could say he discovered the music that was popular in those areas.  
Student  
What do you mean?  
Professor  
Well, all the music we have been talking about the past few weeks, it really was all in the cities, that's where the composers and the orchestras were. Out in remote areas of the countryside, in rural locations, music was more traditional, the same songs that were enjoyed by previous generations. Bartók went out, he travelled to a significant portion of Eastern Europe actually. He roamed the countryside and listened to the music heard in small towns and in all sorts of celebrations. He attended weddings, dances and religious ceremonies, where he heard a very different sort of music from the Romantic stuff being played in the concert halls in the cities. The music he heard is what we would consider folk music.  
Student  
And then he had those same songs played in the concert halls?  
Professor  
No. At first he went around to document the folk music. He really wanted to make sure the folk songs were written down before they disappeared. In fact, Bartók didn't start out the trip thinking of himself as a composer. He was an ethnomusicologist. He studied the traditional music of the region. But it turns out that what would later have a notable influence on European music on the whole, was the way Bartók used elements he heard in folk songs in his own compositions. He adopted a number of elements from what he heard, like unusual rhythms. And he liked to use the glissando as his hallmark, which he probably got from listening to Croatian folk music. A glissando is ... well, I have got a recording of Bartok here. Let's wait until the music is fresh in our minds Susie, do you have something you want to ask first?  
Student  
Yeah. Before, you mention nationalism and...  
Professor  
Ah, right, yes. When Bartok had his new pieces performed, their folk music roots made them instantly popular. It happened to be a time of strong nationalism in Austria-Hungary, so his compositions came at just the right time. He became very successful there. Particularly, when Bartok's ballet The Wooden Prince opened, there was great excitement for music that included musical elements from local folk songs, music that reflected the region's musical traditions. However, as popular as Bartok was in his homeland, he did not get much international recognition during his lifetime.  
### TPO25 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and his biology professor.  
Student  
Well, you know, I am writing that paper about whales and the path they travel as they swim through the ocean, their migration patterns.  
Professor  
Yes. I remember.  
Student  
And well, I was thinking about it and I realized I don't understand how they hold their breath underwater. lt's a little crazy for me to be writing about migration patterns without actually knowing how they stay underwater for so long.  
Professor  
Did you do any research to find out how they do it?  
Student  
Yeah, I did. I searched on the internet and there was a lot of information about whales, their habitats, the way they communicate, you know, their songs. But if there was anything about whales and how they hold their breath, I missed it. I've got a bunch of books. Actually, I have got so much information, it's a little overwhelming.   
Professor  
I am surprised there is nothing about it in any of those books.  
Student  
Well, to be honest, l've only skimmed them so far. I am still working on finding sources.  
Professor  
OK. I know I encourage everyone in class to look at a substantial number of sources, but I don't want you to get overwhelmed. Looking at a number of sources gives you a good knowledge base, but students only have a limited amount of time to work on each paper. I don't expect you to read a dozen books on whales for this assignment. Focus on just a few.  
Student  
Ok. Thanks.  
Professor  
You know, since you are already here. I can give you a quick summary of how whales hold their breath underwater. It's just a matter of certain adaptations in their anatomies, specifically in their circulatory system.  
Student  
So the blood flow is what makes the difference?  
Professor  
Yes, and in a couple of ways. First, blood makes up a larger share of a whale's weight than in other mammals.  
Student  
So they can store more oxygen because they have more blood?  
Professor  
Yes, but that's only part of it. They also have a greater capacity than land animals to store oxygen in their blood.  
Student  
So how does having more oxygen in their blood help them stay underwater longer?   
Professor  
It's the way the whale's blood carries oxygen to the rest of its body. Whales carefully conserve their oxygen when underwater in a couple of ways. When a whale dives, its metabolic rate drops, causing its heartbeat to slow down. And the blood flow to its muscles and some of its non-vital organs, like its kidneys, is also cut off. A whale's muscles and non-vital organs are able to function without oxygen for an extended period of time.  
Student  
I see. Well, now I can concentrate on my topic.  
### TPO25 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a history class. The professor has been discussing Egyptian Hieroglyphs.  
Professor  
Egyptian Hieroglyphs are the ancient Egyptian writings found in ancient Egypt on walls, monuments and on the inside and outside of temples. Hieroglyphic writing ended abruptly about 1600 years ago. And it mystified the mot brilliant minds in the study of Egyptian artifacts and archaeology for many many centuries. Finally, the possibility of deciphering hieroglyphs came about with the discovery, in 1799, of the Rosetta Stone.  
The Rosetta Stone is arguably the most famous archaeological artifact ever discovered. It contains the same exact text written in three different alphabets: Greek, demotic, hieroglyphic.  
But we didn't even know at first that the three texts on the Rosetta Stone contain the same information. And two of the three alphabets are ancient Egyptian scripts that stop being used: the hieroglyphic and the demotic The demotic script found on the Rosetta Stone, well, demotic was not as elaborate as hieroglyphic writing. It was used for more mundane matters, oh, like administrative documents. These ancient Egyptian scripts were replaced by Coptic scripts. But eventually, the Arabic language replaced Coptic and this cut off the linguistic link between ancient and modern Egypt.  
Now, the Rosetta Stone was remarkable because as I said, on it, was the same text in three different alphabets: Greek, demotic and hieroglyphic. The Stone was essentially the dictionary that scholars needed to interpret the meaning of the hieroglyphs. And it took a uniquely equipped researcher to finally decipher and understand what was written on the stone.  
Thomas young, an English scholar, was the first to seriously attempt to decipher the symbols on the Rosetta Stone. He suspected rightly that the hieroglyphs were phonetic symbols, that they represented its sounds rather than pictures. Until then, all scholars assumed that hieroglyphs were pictographs, that they symbolize objects or concepts. Thomas Young focused his attention on one set of hieroglyphs that he thought would probably spell out a single word: the name of a King or Queen. He guessed that the symbols represented the name of the early Egyptian ruler Ptolemy, since Ptolemy was also written in Greek on the stone and was indeed a Greek name. And Young did actually prove that these hieroglyphs represented sounds rather than whole words. Strangely though, he gave into the dominant thesis of the day that hieroglyphs were pictographs. He actually dismissed his own findings as an anomaly because the Ptolemaic dynasty was Greek, not Egyptian. in other words, he figured it was an exception to the rule. It was phonetic because it was Greek, not Egyptian. How else could an Egyptian depict a Greek name other than spell it out? And that brings us to the hero of our story: Jean-Francois Champollion.  
Champollion built on Young's work, showing that different hieroglyphs spelled the names of Kings and Queens like Alexander or Cleopatra. But his critics noted that this was still not traditional Egyptian names. He hadn't done any more than Young had been able to do, so he couldn't disprove the dominant theory.  
Then in 1822, Champollion was shown a set of hieroglyphs that contain traditional Egyptian names. The first two of these symbols were unknown, but Champollion knew that the repeated hieroglyphs to the far right symbolized an "S" sound. He then drew on his linguistic knowledge to arrive at the solution to the problem. You see, unlike any of the other scholars who had tried to crack the code, Champollion happened to be fluent in Coptic. He wondered, and this was the real breakthrough, if Coptic was the language symbolized by the hieroglyphs on the Rosetta stone. And if so, then perhaps that first disc-shape symbol might represent the Sun. And the Coptic word for Sun is "ra". See where this is headed? So if the symbol were Coptic, the first symbol would be "ra". And then an unknown symbol followed by a double "S" sound. Was this, Champollion wondered, the name Rameses1? He was eventually able to confirm that it was. So, he had figured it out. Hieroglyphs were mainly phonetic, they represented sounds, not pictures, and the underlying language was Coptic. A lot of work remained, but Champollion had cracked the code.  
### TPO25 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an animal behavior class.  
Professor  
All right. I hope you all had a chance to finish the assigned readings about animal play, because I want to spend some time discussing the different viewpoints presented in those articles. Let's start with the play-as-preparation hypothesis. Jerry, can you explain it?  
Male Student  
Yeah, Play-as-preparation. Young animals play in order to get really good at certain specific things they will need to do when they are adults, things like chasing, pouncing, climbing. In other words, they play in order to practice survival skills, like movements used in hunting and fighting. That hypothesis makes a lot of sense, like, maybe the most sense of all the theories we read about.  
Professor  
And what leads you to that conclusion?  
Male Student  
Well, like wolves, the young pups, they fight a lot and bite, you know, not to hurt each other, but ... It just seems obvious why those wolf pups play like that. It gives them practice with skills that will make them better hunters or fighters as adults.   
Female Student  
Oh, I don't know about that. I mean, some of the things a young animal does while playing are totally different from the things they’ll do as an adult. There was a really good example in the second article. I can't remember what it is called exactly, uh, self-...  
Professor  
Self-handicapping.  
Female Student  
Right. Self-handicapping. Like during a fake fight, a play fight, if one of the animals is winning, the winning animal might just stop and give up its advantage.  
Professor  
Yes. And often it shifts to a submissive posture too. Of course self-handicapping hardly ever happens in a real fight. Because in a real fight, well, the point is to win. So, this self-handicapping, it is important to take this into account before just deciding to go with that first explanation. And in fact, there really isn't much in the way of solid experimental evidence to support the play-as-preparation hypothesis.  
Female Student  
What about the other one? The flexibility hypothesis?  
Professor  
Ah, yes. Let's talk about that. As you say, play is much more than just pretend fighting or practicing other adult behaviors. Apparently, it also contributes to the development of a brain that's flexible, a brain that's quickly able to get a handle on unfamiliar situations. This notion, the flexibility hypothesis, well, many of my colleagues find it quite persuasive.  
Female Student  
So, like with kids, a little kid might play a game with a friend, and then they might race each other across the field. So they are switching from one type of play to another. There's a lot of variety? I mean, they are learning to respond to whatever happens?  
Professor  
Well, that's the general idea. But let's hold off on talking about human behaviors from now. OK. According to the flexibility hypothesis, yes, the diversity, the variety in play can lead to a broader behavioral vocabulary.  
Male Student  
A broader behavioral vocabulary? Can you explain what that means?  
Professor  
Well, sometimes playing results in an animal doing something it would not normally do. That can lead to the animal learning to adapt, to come up with new behaviors that can help it cope with major problems later on, like staying safe or finding food. Female Student  
Yeah. And there was that brain study you had us read about too.  
Professor  
Oh, the one on how play affects development within the brain?  
Female Student  
Right. That’s it. About the animals raised in an environment where they did not get opportunities to play?  
Professor  
Yes. Wasn't the conclusion interesting? That playing literally stimulates growth, creates connections within the brain? We need to do further studies, but ...  
Female Student  
Excuse me, can we go back to play fighting for a minute? I am wondering, can the flexibility hypothesis really explain that?  
Professor  
Play fighting? Actually, that's something the flexibility hypothesis explains very well. Since play fighting includes variations in speed and intensity, and quick role reversals involved with self-handicapping. An animal that's play fighting is constantly responding to changes. So it's earning to be flexible.  
### TPO26 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a university print shop employee.  
Student  
Hi. I saw your ad in the campus news paper.  
Employee  
Oh. We don’t have any job opening right now.  
Student  
Oh, no. I meant the other ad, about the services you provide for students. You see, I have been working at the campus tutoring center as a math tutor. But things have changed, including my schedule. And now I want to start doing tutoring work independently. But in order to, basically, start my own business, I need to get the work out.  
Employee  
Ok.  
Student  
I was thinking I should get something printed up that I can hand out to people.  
Employee  
Ah. Well, actually, I just printed up some great-looking flyers for someone doing the same thing.  
Student  
Flyers. Yeah, that’s an idea. I guess then I could post them around the campus.   
Employee  
Yeah. And you can hand them out too. But, oh, you know what? I did something really neat for someone last week. She didn’t want to go the traditional route, you know, business cards, flyers, so we customized pencils for her.  
Student  
Pencils?  
Employee  
Yeah. You know, a little message printed on the pencil.  
Student  
Oh, that’s cool.  
Employee  
Yeah. But you should know, it’s not our cheapest option. Oh, and you know those little sticky notes?  
Student  
You do those too?  
Employee  
Well, we did once. I think those bright pieces of paper would be real attention getters. You know, student use them all the time, so they should be good for business. I don’t know why we haven’t done more.  
Student  
Wow.  
Employee  
So you’ve got some options.  
Student  
Right. Well, what about business cards? My friend has these business cards. She does tutoring too. And she got them at this place in town, but they were kind of expensive.  
Employee  
For business card? Well, I don’t know what your friend paid. But we could do something real simple and it wouldn’t be much. Like for a batch of 250 for one of our standard designs, 20 dollars maybe.  
Student  
20 dollars sounds okay.  
Employee  
Now, there are some other choices that’ll affect the cost. You know, like different background patters, using color ink, that sort of thing. And it also depends on how many words you want to include.  
Student  
Ok. Well, I know what I want them to say. But I am just thinking, I kind of like that pencil idea.  
Employee  
Yeah. I thought it was neat. Now, of course you can only fit your name and phone number, and like, in your case, math tutoring on it.  
Student  
Right. Well, I could custom design the business cards through, right? That’s what my friend did. She said she designed them at the computer right there at the print shop.  
Employee  
Well, you can do that here too. But a custom design would be a bigger investment for your business than one of our standard designs.  
Student  
Well, I don’t know. I am interested in business cards, so can I look at the standard designs?  
### TPO26 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an advertising class.  
Professor  
Last class someone asked about green marketing. Green marketing refers to companies promoting the products as environmentally friendly. Companies often turn to advertising experts to help them do this.  
Green marketing seems recent, but advertising professionals grew interest in it several decades ago. The seeds for green marketing were probably planted in 1970, when the first Earth Day took place. Rallies all over the United States were organized to protest environmental degradation. Some 20 million demonstrators participated in that first Earth Day. And it helped spark dozens of environmental laws. The biggest was the Endangered Species Act of 1973, which protects imperiled animal species from extinction. There was also passage of the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act was strengthened.  
Earth Day, Environmental Laws, Environmental Issues in the news, Being Green was entering the mainstream. And business started saying, hey, we can get involved in this. So in 1975, a major advertising trade group held its first workshop on ecological marketing. A few years later, we began seeing ads tapping into people’s environmental concerns.  
But some green marketers learned the hard way, green marketing must still involve all the same principles of a traditional marketing campaign. You ad must attract attention, stimulate consumers’ interest, create a desire for your product, and motivate people to take action to buy your product.  
So let me tell you about one green marketing campaign that failed at first and explain why. It was a compact fluorescent light bulb. We’ll call it the eco-light. It was first introduced, I believe, in the late 90s. It cost far more than a regular incandescent bulb. The advertising message was, basically, “use this eco-light and save the planet”.  
But that message wasn’t effective. Research shows that consumers don’t want to let go off any traditional product attributes, like convenience, price and quality. Even though surveys indicate that almost everybody cares about the environment.  
So the company reintroduced the eco-light with a new message, one that emphasized cost savings, that the eco-light lowers electric bills and lasts for years. So it’s good for earth, cost-effective and convenient because it doesn’t have to be changed every few months. This ad campaign worked like a charm.  
Something else, uh, the company that makes the co-light, researchers would consider it an ‘extreme green company’, not only because its product are energy-efficient, but because the company tries to reduce its environmental impact in other ways too. Like in addition to selling Earth— friendly products, its offices and factories are designed to conserve energy and use all sorts of recycled materials.A company that only recycles office paper, researchers would classify as a ‘ lean green company’. And there are other degrees of greenness in between.  
So if your green marketing strategy’s gonna work, your message should be valid on all dimensions.When a company as a whole is credited for reducing its environmental impact, this can lead to brand loyalty.People will come back and buy your product more and more.However, let’s say you’re fine for violating the Clean Water Act while manufacturing products from recycled materials. The public would eventually find out.You can’t just make the claim that a product is environmentally friendly and not follow through on.  
### TPO26 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a biology class  
Professor  
OK.Just before the end of the last class, we started talking about trace metals, metals found in living organisms in very small quantities that serve an important biological, important nutritive function in those organisms.And one trace metal that serves a nutritive function is zinc.  
Zinc assists in a number of processes in humans, but we are going to focus on just one, one that applies to a number of organisms, not just humans.See, zinc plays a major role in carbon cycling, the conversion of various kinds of molecules with carbon, Iike carbon dioxide, into other kinds of molecules with carbon that organisms can use.So, take respiration.Our bodies, our cells produce carbon dioxide when they break down sugars.We need to get the CO2 out of our bodies, so the CO2 is converted into carbonic acid, which the blood is able to carry to the lungs.Once the carbonic acid reaches the lungs, it’s converted back into carbon dioxide so that we can breathe it out.  
Now, this whole conversion process relies on a particular enzyme.Uh, who remembers what an enzyme is? Bob?  
Student  
Uh, it’s a protein, a specific kind of protein, one that speeds up chemical reactions.   
Professor  
Exactly.Different enzymes assist in different chemical reactions.Now, the one that speeds up the conversion of carbon dioxide has zinc in it.So this zinc enzyme is critical for getting CO2 out of our bodies through the lungs.And it’s also extremely important for plants.Bob, can you tell us why?  
Student  
For making food, for photosynthesis?  
Professor  
Exactly.For photosynthesis.Plants also convert carbon dioxide into different forms of carbon-containing molecules and the conversion process used relies on the very same enzyme that works in humans.So zinc is also important for plants.  
OK.But zinc is scarce in certain environments.And it’s particularly scarce in waters near the surface of rivers and lakes and shallower parts of oceans, which might make us wonder how plants could live there at all.In fact, there are a lot of marine plants that survive, that grow and reproduce in surface waters.In particular, there are a lot of diatoms.  
Diatoms are microscopic, photosynthetic organisms and they are a major source of food for other organisms in the ocean.There are a number of different types of diatoms, and, well, diatoms play a very important role in the carbon cycling process, because they help make carbon available to other organisms in deeper parts of the ocean.The carbon that these diatoms use in photosynthesis is transferred to other parts of the ocean when the diatoms are eaten, say, by a fish that absorbs the carbon and then swims to another part of the ocean, or when diatoms die and fall to the ocean floor.  
So how did diatoms survive if zinc is so scarce? Well, recently researchers discovered that a specific type of diatom makes a different enzyme that serves the same purpose.But this enzyme doesn’t contain zinc.Instead this new enzyme incorporates another trace metal, cadmium.Kelly, you’ve got a question?  
Student  
Yeah.I thought cadmium was toxic.Didn’t you say that?  
Professor  
It is poisonous to humans.Uh. actually, we used to think that it was toxic to all biological life, that it didn’t serve any biological purpose.But new study suggests that cadmium can actually substitute for zinc, that organisms can use it instead of zinc when there isn’t enough zinc in their environment.  
Now, the discovery of this cadmium—based enzyme is really important for a number of reasons.It’s actually the first enzyme we have discovered that uses cadmium.So it’s possible that other not so typical trace metals may be used in chemical processes, that marine organisms might make enzymes from other trace metals when the essential one is scarce.And there may be other types of diatoms that use cadmium to cycle carbon.  
But there’s something else to think about.What is one of the most common greenhouse gases in our atmosphere, one of the major culprits in global warming. Carbon dioxide, right?  
Now, if all these diatoms are taking carbon dioxide from the surface, converting it and transporting it to the bottom of the ocean, well, maybe there’s more to that whole process, that cycle, something that we’ve overlooked.So further research might tell us more about these warming cycles too.  
### TPO26 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and her biology professor.  
Professor  
Hi, Jean.How was the...uh, the conference, right? the conference on volunteerism? That’s where you were last week.  
Student  
Yeah. It was great. I met a lot of people from some really amazing organizations that are working in the area.Now it would be a lot easier to get students to volunteer in the community.Plus, I’ve never been to any of the beaches here before.Being at the beach was definitely a plus.  
Professor  
Well, I hope you had time to look over the notes from the class you missed.You did get the notes, right?  
Student  
Yup.I’II look them over before tomorrow’s class.  
Professor  
Good.And let me know if you have any questions.  
Student  
Well, there is something that I wanted to ask you now.It’s about something I noticed at the beach.  
Professor  
Oh, what’s that?  
Student  
Well, see, there are a lot of jellyfish there, floating in the water.  
Professor  
That couldn’t have been pleasant.  
Student  
Not for swimming. But it was interesting. I mean, the jellyfish were glowing.I swear they were.And I am wondering what that’s about.  
Professor  
Ah, glowing jellyfish.That is interesting. Uh, it’s called bioluminescence.And actually we are going to talk about it later in the semester.Basically, bioluminescence is light that’s produced by a chemical reaction.  
Student  
Really? Inside the jellyfish?  
Professor  
Well, not all jellyfish, about half of them.Actually, a lot of marine organisms have this ability, especially in deeper parts of the ocean.  
Student  
Oh? I get it. Like the darker it gets, the more the fish needs light, right?  
Professor  
Well.bioluminescence serves a number of functions.Most aquatic organisms use it for communication and for attracting prey.But jellyfish usually use it as a defense against predators.Some jellyfish produce bright flashes of light that confuse predators, to, uh, to startle them.But jellyfish closer to the surface, probably like the jellyfish you saw, they use bioluminescence to hide.The light they produce matches the color of the dim sunlight, so they blend in, and, uh, and predators can’t see them.  
Student  
Wow, really? Well, I am looking for a topic for my term paper ,so maybe I could do it on these glowing jellyfish.That’s why I wanted to ask you about them, you know, to find out if there was really something to write about.  
Professor  
It’s a great topic.But you’II have to make sure the topic is manageable.Like I said, about half of all jellyfish are bioluminescent, so you may want to look at a particular type of jellyfish or several types that benefit from bioluminescence in the same way, or you could investigate current research on bioluminescence, on, on the chemical process, or...Here’s an idea.You seem to be very involved in local issues.See if you can identify the jellyfish you observed on the beach and how they fit into the local ecosystem.  
Student  
Yeah, you know, some of the environmental groups I met last week might even be able to help me.  
### TPO26 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an astronomy class.  
Professor  
0K.We have been looking at some of the smaller members of our solar system, comets.You already know about the structure of comets.Let’s continue our discussion now by talking about orbits, especially those of the so-called periodic-orbit comets.These are the comets that circle around the Sun pretty regularly.They return again and again, predictably, after a certain period of time. That’s why we say their orbits are periodic.Probably the most famous and brightest of these is Halley’s comet.  
Halley’s comet comes from far out in the solar system, goes in close to the Sun, and then out again.At its closest approach to the Sun, Halley’s comet is about twice as close to the Sun as Earth is.And at its farthest.It's about thirty-five times farther from the Sun than we are, which puts it out beyond Neptune. Basically, the idea here is that a periodic comet, with its very elongated orbit, just keeps coming back around again and again.With Halley’s comet, well, it returns every 75 years, roughly.  
But where is Halley’s comet during most of this time? Well, like all orbiting bodies, a comet moves faster when it’s closer to the Sun.So it only spends about a year or two in our neighborhood, inside the orbit of Jupiter.Most of its time is spent way out beyond Jupiter’s orbit, poking along near the farther reaches of it own orbit.Because of this, we can only see Halley’s for a few months every 75 years, first on its way in toward the Sun, and then on its way out again.  
Now, you remember from our previous discussion that a comet’s nucleus ,its core, is made up of ice and dust, like a frozen snowball.And as it approaches the Sun, it starts to heat up.And some of the ice vaporizes into gas and spreads out from the nucleus.The gases that vaporize from the comet, the comet never collects them back again, so on every orbit, the comet leaves part of itself behind.  
OK.How old is this solar system ?Four and a half billion years.remember ?And Halley’s is going around the Sun once every 75 years and losing stuff each time.So the comet should be long gone by now, right? I mean, how come Halley’s is still there? After four and a half billion years.How could it be? Well, the answer is that this comet hasn’t always been in such a short periodic orbit, since once a comet gets into an orbit that keeps it coming in close to the Sun quite frequently.Well, that comet’s probably not going to be around too much longer. So this kind of periodic orbit is only a phase in a comet’s life.A phase that just precedes its final breakup.We’ve seen comets do that, going toward the Sun and then come back around ,torn into pieces.  
But lots of comets aren’t like that.They come in, pass behind the Sun, and then travel back out.But with an orbit so large, and its farthest place so far away from the Sun that we just don’t know how far out it goes.We just can’t determine that very accurately from the close-in part of the orbit that we do see.So these are often called parabolic-orbit comets.Parabolic means the orbit is open at the far end. Actually the orbit probably does close and return the comet to the vicinity of the Sun eventually, but the period might be tens of thousands of years.And basically, we can’t determine it.So we just, we refer to them as open-ended parabolic-orbit comets.  
So, what can change a comet with one of these long orbits where they only come by the Sun occasionally into a much more frequent periodic visitor? Well, gravitational interaction with planets, right? lf a comet on one of these long period orbits at some point comes close to Jupiter or Saturn or one of the other planets, then the pull of that planet’s gravity might alter the orbit, maybe make it much shorter.So this comet, if it happens to pass by a planet just the right way, it can be drawn into a new orbit, one that’ll capture it and keep it coming back around the Sun much more often.  
### TPO26 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an art conservation class.  
Professor  
So far we have been talking all semester about restoring and preserving pieces of art,like ancient frescos,early oil paintings,etc. But although our field is called art conservation,it also involves...what?  
Student  
Um...preserving other types of cultural materials too.  
Professor  
Very good. Not just art.Old artifacts are very valuable when they represent early technologies, all contain important historical information.In fact,let me give you an example.You’ve heard about the Greek scholar Archimedes, who lived more than 2,000 years ago,I am sure.Archimedes was a great mathematician. For example, he discovered the formula for the volume of a sphere.Not much of his work has Survived,but what has Survived is brilliant.And then in 1906,a Palimpsest of Archimedes’ writing was discovered.  
Now, a palimpsest is a type of manuscript that contains writing that’s hidden because something else was written over it later.I’ll explain in a minute.This Archimedes palimpsest, as it’s now called,is by far the most important palimpsest anyone has ever seen.Because it contains the only known existing copy of Archimedes’ treatise, called Method.Archimedes shows in it how maths can be applied to physics and physical reasoning back to maths problems, which is how he calculated the volume of the sphere,for example.This maybe commonplace today, but was revolutionary in his time.A few years ago, the palimpsest was sold at an auction for 2 million dollars.It could have ended up tucked away in a private collection,but fortunately, the collector who bought it has agreed to have experts restore every single word Archimedes wrote,so the contents can be shared with the world and studied.  
But there are two main problems.What do you think the first one might be? Jennifer?  
Student  
Um...well,it sounds like it’s extremely old.So probably some pages are at the point of crumbling into dust?  
Professor  
True.And some are moldy, and some were eaten away at by bookworms.This thing’s really decayed.But on top of that,there’s another issue.And this is the reason why it’s a palimpsest.You see,the text apparently sat around in a library in Constantinople until 1229 A.D.But then a scribe erased,scraped away the writing as clean as he could in order to use the pages to write his own book on.Why would he do that? Take a guess.  
Student  
Must have been a paper shortage?   
Professor  
Well? they used parchment to write on, but yes, there was a parchment shortage.   
Student  
So you are saying the parchment was basically recycled?  
Professor  
Correct.Then,even later on,in the twentieth century, a forger painted ancient—looking pictures on several of the pages in order to make the book seem older and increase its value.So unfortunately, that’s quite a history.  
Student  
But professor Wilkens,if the scribe scraped away Archimedes’ words and if these paintings covered the pages,how can the original work be recovered?  
Professor  
Ah, that’s why I am telling you the story.That’s our task as conservationists, isn’t it? To find a way.There were still faint traces of Archimedes’ words on the pages. First,we tried to make the Archimedes’ words stand out with a variety of technologies,using ultraviolet light.But that didn’t work on every page.But then, there was this new idea that came from a scientist studying spinach.  
Student  
Spinach?  
Professor  
Yes.Spinach.This physicist,Uwe Bergman,does research that involves studying iron in spinach.He was reading an article about problems with the palimpsest and it said that there is iron in the original Archimedes’ ink.So he came up with an idea to use the same method of looking at iron in spinach to view the iron on the palimpsest pages.And his idea worked.Bergman’s technique allows X—rays to pass through the forged paintings, pass through the scribe’s writing to hit the iron traces from the ink of the original Archimedes’ text and create an image just of the iron on the pages.The iron—based letters seem to just pop off the page.The original text and diagrams emerged,line by line.diagram after diagram. And that’s kind of typical of our field.There’s a lot of interdisciplinary work.People from several different fields might be  
involved in working with a single art.  
### TPO27 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a conversation at the information desk in the library.  
Librarian  
Hi. Can I help you?  
Student  
Where do I go, besides the computers, to look for books on New Zealand?  
Librarian  
OK. You mean you don’t want to use the computer?  
Student  
Well, I haven’t had any luck on the computers here.  
Librarian  
OK. I mean the reason I am asking is you pretty much have to go to the computer to find out where a book is. But I can help you find it on the computer if you like.  
Student  
That would be great. I just spent half an hour and I couldn’t find anything.  
Librarian  
I know how you feel. When I first started working here, I couldn’t find anything either. So you are looking for information on New Zealand, is that right?  
Student   
Yes.  
Librarian  
Is it like travel information that you are looking for?  
Student  
Uh... No. Actually what I am looking for is information on a volcano in New Zealand.  
Librarian  
Oh. OK. Because I know a travel agency that specializes in tours in New Zealand and Australia.  
Student  
Oh. I’d love to go. I heard it’s beautiful.  
Librarian   
Yeah.  
Student  
Maybe someday.  
Librarian  
Yup. OK. Let’s see ... OK. If you want to search the library holdings and don’t know the author’s name or the exact title of the book or an article, you have to set up a keyword search. It is a special function. Then you can just type in some keywords and let the computer do the search.  
Student   
I see.  
Librarian  
OK. Oh, how about if we search for volcanoes and New Zealand.  
Student   
Sounds good.  
Librarian  
It’s for a geology class?  
Student   
Mhmm.  
Librarian  
Ha! You must be from Professor Simpson’s class.  
Student   
No.  
Librarian  
Oh. Well, he is a volcano expert, so I thought he might be teaching your class.  
Student  
No, I’ve heard he is really good though.  
Librarian  
Yeah. That’s what everyone says. Do you know the name of the volcano?  
Student  
Mount Ruapehu.  
Librarian  
Can you spell that?  
Student  
Sure. It is R-U-A-P-E-H-U.  
Librarian  
OK. Mount Ruapehu. Let’s see. So are you a geology major?  
Student   
Hem. Hardly.  
Librarian  
Let me guess, you have to take a science course and you don’t want to have to deal with biology, chemistry or physics.  
Student  
Exactly. But it’s actually turned out to be a pretty interesting class.  
Librarian  
Well, that’s good. Um... does it have to be a book? Or could you use a journal article?  
Student  
Mhmm... no, either one would be fine.  
Librarian  
OK. Well, here’s a journal article. Let me check to see if we have it. OK. We have the article, but it is from 2001. Is that OK, you think?  
Student  
Well, I’d like to have a look at it. The focus is really on eruptions in the last five years, but it might have some useful background material.  
Librarian  
OK. Well, let’s see what else we can find.  
Student   
Sounds good.  
### TPO27 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a marine biology class.  
Professor  
So we have been fairly thorough in our discussion about coral reefs, which of course are prominent, oceanic features made of hard limestone skeletons produced by tiny coral animals. We’ve gone over where coral reefs are usually formed – along the edges of shallow ocean banks in tropical or subtropical regions, and the fact that they are declining at an alarming rate. But I don’t want to leave you with the impression that all is lost. There are several techniques being employed today that could prove useful in assuring the future of the reefs.  
Now, we’ve talked in depth about coral bleaching, or whitening, which as you recall, is a symptom of ...well that the coral is suffering. As you know, coral is very sensitive to water temperature. Even though one or two degree Celsius rise in sea surface temperature for a relatively short amount of time can cause bleaching. Recently, researchers have used data collected by monitoring surface water temperatures to improve the ability of a reef to recover from bleaching. One future possibility is that improved monitoring can help predict where and when bleaching will occur, which might potentially enable us to mitigate its effects.  
And there’s another technique that’s been experimented with to try to help coral reefs recover from bleaching. It’s called coral transplantation. This involves moving young coral from a healthy reef onto a degraded reef, you know, in an attempt to regenerate the degraded reef by encouraging young healthy coral to take over. There has been some success with this, but it’s still somewhat controversial. Some scientists support it because, well for one thing, it means you don’t have to rely on the existing coral to reestablish itself because it might not be able to. But in my opinion, transplanting coral should only be used as ... well as a last resort. I mean, this method is not only costly but it’s ... well even if it’s successful, it still fails to address the ongoing problem, the root causes of the degradation, which really is paramount to devising an effective solution. So I don’t really take comfort in the successes they have had with transplantation.  
Perhaps some more constructive use of our time could be spent at researching corals that do survive, like in areas known as refugia. Refugia are areas on the reef that are seemingly, well resistant to bleaching. See, when coral reefs experience bleaching, it’s rarely a case of the whole reef being affected. There are almost always pockets of coral on the reefs that remain unaffected. And these are often the lower areas of the reef, those located in deeper water, where temperatures are lower.  
Now, we have evidence that corals in these locations are able to escape the destructive bleaching that affects portions of the reef in shallower or warmer water. So in my mind, it’s these refugia that are the key components of overall reef resilience. These should be the area of concentration for researchers to locate and protect those regions as a way to sustain coral reefs.  
And we can also protect the reefs by protecting the surrounding ecosystems, like mangrove forests and seagrass beds. Both of these grow in coastal waters, often in the vicinity of coral reefs. By protecting these areas, we also protect the coral. Let’s take, for example, the mangrove forests. Mangrove root systems have the ability to absorb and well trap sediments and pollutants in water that flows through them before they enter the ocean. This of course has beneficial results for the nearby coral reefs.  
And fishery’s management is another key strategy. Overfishing can be seriously disruptive to coral. Let me give you a couple of examples. Overfishing certain species of fish and shellfish like snappers, barracudas and even lobsters. Well all of these creatures feed on snails, worms and other organisms that eat coral. So depleting the number of lobsters, for example, means that we are adding to the threat of coral decline. Sea urchins are another example. They eat algae and prevent it from overwhelming the coral. Since the disappearance of sea urchins from the waters up the coast of South Florida, many coral reefs there have been smothered by the uncontrolled growth of algae.  
### TPO27 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a history of musical instruments class.  
Professor  
So musical instruments evolved in ways that optimize their acoustical properties, how the instrument vibrates and sends those vibration through the air to our eardrums.  
Now professional musicians are very particular about their instruments, they want instruments that help them fully express the intent of the composer, which of course translates into a more enjoyable listening experience for the audience members. Yet most audience members probably aren’t even aware of how much the instrument matters. I mean, OK. Think about the last concert you attended. When you applauded, what went through your mind?  
Student  
I recently heard a violinist who totally blew me away. So when I applauded, I guess I was showing my appreciation for his skill, the hours of practicing he must have put in.  
Professor  
And his violin?   
Student  
Didn’t really think about it. It looked exactly like mine, which is inspiring in a way knowing my violin could also produce beautiful tones, that maybe I would sound that good someday.  
Professor  
I hope you do. But if your violin isn’t as good as his...  
Student  
You mean he might not sound as good playing my violin?   
Professor  
As I said, tone quality differs from instrument to instrument. The question is why. Why does one instrument sound more beautiful than another, even if they look identical?  
There’s a particularly interesting case with an extraordinary generation of violins made in Northern Italy, in the city of Cremona, back in the late 1600s - early 1700s. These vintage Cremonese violins are considered the best in the world. But it’s not like the makers of those violins were any more skilled than their modern-day counterparts. They weren’t. Today’s top violin makers can pretty much replicate all the physical attributes of a Cremonese violin. But it’s generally thought that the acoustical quality of modern violins doesn’t live up to the quality of the vintage ones.  
Student  
So what attributes of the old violins have been replicated?   
Professor  
Oh, their dimensions, shape, their fingerboard height, uh, general craftsmanship. For a long time, people thought the varnish used to coat and protect the violins was special. But research showed it was the same ordinary varnish used on furniture. However, researchers have discovered that there are something special about the wood the violins were made from. And recently they have been able to replicate that too.  
Student  
How? Unless the trees that Cremonese used are still alive.  
Professor  
The trees weren’t replicated, just the wood, specifically the wood’s density. Density is determined by how trees grow. Trees, old trees that don’t grow in the tropics grow seasonally, they grow faster early in the year in the springtime than they do later in the year. So early growth wood is relatively porous. Late growth wood is denser, less porous. And this variation shows up in the trees growth rings. The denser layers are generally darker than the less dense layers. We call this variation the density differential. Variations in wood density affect vibrations, and therefore, sound. When scientists first analyzed the wood of vintage Cremonese violins in compared with the modern violin wood, they calculated the average density and found no difference. Later, other researchers measured the density differential and found a significant difference. Modern violins had a greater variation, a larger differential.  
Student  
So you mean the density of the wood in the Cremonese violins is, is more uniform?   
Professor  
Correct.  
Student  
But Northern Italy isn’t in the tropics.  
Professor  
No. But climate matters. Turns out the Cremonese violins were made from trees that grew during a Little Ice Age, a period when temperatures across Europe were significantly lower than normal. So the trees grew more evenly throughout the year, making the density differential relatively small.  
Student  
But you said someone replicated the Cremonese wood.   
Professor  
The density differential was replicated.  
Student  
What did they do? Try to simulate an Ice Age climate in their greenhouse and grow some trees in there?  
Professor  
No, what happened was a material scientist figured out a way to process wood to make it acoustically similar to the Cremonese wood. He basically exposed the wood to a species of fungus, uh, a mushroom. In the forest, fungi are decomposers. They break down dead wood. But this particular fungus nibbles away only at certain layers in the wood, leaving other layers alone. As a result, the density differential of the fungi-treated wood approach that of the Cremonese wood.  
### TPO27 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a conversation between a student and the professor of his history of technology class.  
Student  
Would it be okay to focus on something related to agriculture?  
Professor  
Sure, farming technology is fine, as long as it’s pre-modern. But this isn’t a long paper, so are you going to need to pick a specific area of pre-modern agriculture, like irrigation or food crops of ancient Greece.  
Student  
I am actually interested in hydroponics.  
Professor  
Hydroponics. Growing plants in water instead of soil.  
Student  
Well, not in pure water, in water that has the proper mix of nutrients.  
Professor  
OK. But is it a pre-modern technology? I mean, hydroponics isn’t really my specialty but from the research I have read, we are talking the nineteenth century, maybe the seventeenth century if you really stretch it.  
Student  
Oh? But the Aztec civilization back in the thirteenth century in basically where Mexico city is today ... An article I read said the Aztecs were using hydroponics in something they called ... I have got the word right here. Um. Chinampas.  
Professor  
Chinampas, the so-called floating gardens.  
Student  
Exactly. So yeah the chinampas, the article said very clearly these floating gardens are proof that the Aztec invented hydroponic farming.  
Professor  
Well, chinampas are artificial islands built up in shallow lakes. Islands made from packed earth and weeds and uh, material from the bottom of the lake. They may have appeared to be floating in the water, but in fact they reach all the way to the bottom of the lake. So the primary growing medium, what the plants draw nutrients from, is actually soil, not water.  
Student  
So the article was wrong about that? Too bad, it seems like a great topic, but I guess...  
Professor  
Wait a minute. Just because chinampas were not technically hydroponic doesn’t mean this couldn’t be an appropriate topic for your paper. Chinampas were still a great technological achievement. I mean, they enabled the Aztecs to grow plenty of food in an area without much available farmland.  
Student  
But I wondered why the author wrote that chinampas were hydroponic.  
Professor  
Well it’s pretty common for writers to generalize, say use a term like hydroponics to describe other types of agriculture. Personally, I would never say hydroponic except for plants growing in liquid. The crops on chinampas definitely benefited from the water surrounding them. But... hydroponic...  
Student  
OK. So I will go with chinampas but leave out with the hydroponics part.  
Professor  
Actually, there’s an important lesson here. We should pay attention to what happened in history but also how historical events are presented. Why, for example, would writers use a word like hydroponics so casually?  
Student  
I guess ‘cause it’s a popular topic people want to read about?  
Professor  
Or to help modern-day readers to understand something historical, maybe these writers think a familiar frame of reference is needed.  
Student  
Well that article was in a popular magazine, not a scholarly journal for historians.  
Professor  
OK. But historians sometimes do the same thing.  
Student  
So I guess then that all historians might not describe chinampas in quite the same way either.  
Professor  
Good point. Why not look into that too? And include it along with your description and analysis.  
### TPO27 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a zoology class.  
Professor  
Your reading for today touched on dinosaur fossils from the Mesozoic era, which ended about 65 million years ago. Today we will be discussing the sauropods. I think our discussion of sauropods will illustrate what we can learn by comparing the fossil record to modern animals. By fossils, we mean traces of prehistoric animals such as bones, which become mineralized, or impressions of bones or organs that are left in stone.  
Now sauropods were among the largest animals to exist ever! They were larger than blue whales, which are the largest animals alive today. They weigh up to one hundred tons, twenty times as much as elephants. Also, they were an extremely successful kind of dinosaur. There’s evidence of sauropods in the fossil record for an unusually long time, over one hundred million years.  
So, why were sauropods so successful?  
Biologically speaking, sauropods shouldn’t have been successful. Large animals like elephants, say, they require much more food and energy and have fewer offspring than smaller animals. This makes maintaining a population harder. The largest animals today don’t live on land. But in the ocean where food is easier to find, a blue whale, for instance, can eat up to 8,000 pounds of food a day. And they give birth only once every few years. We also know that body heat, that... well, large animals can’t easily get rid of excess body heat. But for an oceangoing whale, that’s not a problem. For a 100-ton land animal, it can be.  
For years, we have assumed it was the abundant plant life of the Mesozoic that allowed these giants to thrive. However, we now know that since oxygen levels were much lower in the Mesozoic than we assumed, there was much less plant life for sauropods to eat than we thought.  
So now, well, we are looking at other... we are, we are trying to understand the biology of sauropods, comparing their fossils to the anatomy of modern animals to get a better idea of how they lived. What we’ve found is that sauropods were experts at conserving energy. They had enormous stomach capacity, the ability to digest food over a long period, converting it to energy at a slower pace, saving it for later. For animals with small stomachs, it takes lots of energy to constantly look for food and then digest it. With larger stomachs and slower digestion, you don’t need as much energy. Joseph?  
Student  
Does... do scientists actually know about sauropods from looking at... I mean, how much can we actually learn looking at some ancient bones compared to all we can learn from modern animals? And, comparisons between animals that lived millions of years apart? well, it just seems... more like guessing.  
Professor  
There’s always some guesswork when studying extinct animals. But that’s exactly what leads to discoveries, a hypothesis, a type of guess is made. We guess the hypothesis by looking for evidence to support it. Then some questions are answered, which may lead to new questions. For example, let’s look at one of these comparisons.  
We know sauropods couldn’t chew food. Their skulls show they had no chewing muscles. Lots of modern animals, like birds and reptiles, also can’t chew food. They need to swallow it whole. But modern animals have an interesting aid for digesting food. They swallow stones, stones that are used to help grind up the food before it’s actually digested in the stomach. These stones are called gastroliths. Gastroliths make food easier to digest, essentially smashing food up, just as we do when we chew. Over time, gastroliths inside the animal are ground down and become smooth and rounded.  
Now, sauropod fossils are commonly found with smooth stones. For years we thought these were gastroliths. They look just like gastroliths and were found in the area of the sauropods’ stomachs. A recent study measured the gastroliths in modern animals, in ostriches. And the study showed that ostriches need to ingest about one percent of their total body weight in gastroliths. But we have been able to determine that the stones found with sauropods totaled much less proportionally, less than a tenth of one percent of their body weight.  
So now we are not quite sure what these sauropods’ stones were used for. It could be they were accidentally ingested as the sauropods foraged for food, that they served no real purpose. Other researchers speculate that sauropods ingested these stones as a source of some the minerals they needed, such as calcium.  
So the original hypothesis that the stones found with sauropods were gastroliths, even though it hasn’t been supported, has helped us to make new hypotheses, which may eventually lead to the answer.  
### TPO27 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a studio art class.  
Professor  
OK. As you probably know, primary colors are, theoretically speaking, the basic colors from which all other colors can be made. But as you’ll find out when you start working on your painting projects, the three primary colors – red, blue, yellow – don’t always make the best secondary colors. Combining red and blue, you will probably never get a fantastic violet. To get a nice violet, you’ll have to add white. Combining yellow and blue, you will almost never get a satisfactory green. You are better off using a pure green pigment.  
The idea of primary colors, and specifically the idea of red, yellow and blue being THE primary colors, didn’t exist until about 200 years ago. Until then, the dominant theory about color was one that had been proposed by Isaac Newton. Newton gave a scientific and objective explanation of colors. He used a prism to break white light down into the various colors of the spectrum. And he theorized, rightly so, that different colors are essentially different wavelengths of light. But he made no mention of primary colors. That idea came from, or was at least published by a man named Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.  
Goethe was a well-known author. He wrote many famous novels, plays, poems. So why did he start thinking about colors?  
Well Goethe was part of the Romantic Movement in western literature. And he was a Romantic, through and through, meaning that he explained objects and phenomena in terms of the spiritual, emotional impact they had, as opposed to explaining them in terms of their scientific nature. He rejected an objective understanding of color, in favor of a more subjective understanding. He believed that when we see color, it stimulates our emotions. And different colors appeal to or inspire different emotions in different people.  
Student  
That sounds like psychology.   
Professor  
Well, color theory is used in psychology too. Some psychologists do use their field’s version of color theory to diagnose and treat patients. Um... anyway, Goethe conducted a number of experiments trying to figure out which colors corresponded to which emotions. And in terms of that goal, he wasn’t very successful. But his experiments actually did show a lot about the relationships between colors themselves, about how colors change when placed next to other colors, about how they interact with one another. Scientists studying optics and chromatics today still marvel at his findings. But Goethe wasn’t really able to establish a clear connection between colors and emotions.  
Then in 1806, he received a letter from a relatively unknown German artist, a painter named Philipp Otto Runge. In the letter, Runge outlined his own color theory, specifically the connections he made between colors and emotions. And his ideas about what colors symbolize, about the emotions that different colors inspire were based on the colors red, yellow and blue. Runge’s choice of red, yellow and blue had nothing to do with what we know from modern-day chromatics, it had to do with Runge’s complex system of symbolism, his experience of nature, particularly with his experience of the quality of light at various times of the day, morning, noon and night. So each color had a specific symbolic value.  
Well, four years later, Goethe published a book entitled Color Lesson. In Color Lesson, Goethe COINCIDENTLY cites the same colors as primary colors. At this point, Goethe was already a well-known author, so he was easily able to popularize this idea of primary colors, and specifically the idea of red, yellow and blue as THE primary colors.  
Student  
But he didn’t mention Runge?   
Professor  
Well, he did put Runge’s letter in the book, at the end. But he added a disclaimer implying that Runge’s letter didn’t influence his work. Apparently, what Goethe was saying was that they just HAPPENED TO come up with the same theory at the same time.  
### TPO28 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a conversation between a student and a professor.  
Student  
I am so sorry I am late. Professor Mills. I just finished at the student medical center. I twisted my ankle playing soccer this morning. It took longer than I expected to see the doctor.  
Professor  
That’s okay. Don’t worry about it. David. So let’s get started. Your paper on John Dewey’s political philosophy has a few issues I’d like to cover. You gave a great biographical sketch in the beginning. Okay.  
But then as you get into his political philosophy, I don’t think you’ve done enough to situate his philosophy within the time period. In other words, you haven’t connected Dewey’s philosophy to the thinking of other intellectuals of the time.  
Student  
So I haven’t captured the most critical influences, the influences that were most significant to his political thinking?  
Professor  
Exactly. OK. Now, look back up at the section here, where you wrote about Dewey’s view of individuality. This is all good content. But you haven’t presented the information in a systematic way. I really think this portion on individuality needs to come later, after your paragraphs on Dewey’s intellectual influences.  
Student  
After my revised paragraphs on what influenced them.  
Professor  
Yes. Revised. Let me ask. Uh. When you were finished writing, did you go back and ask yourself if all of the material was relevant?  
Student   
Well, no.  
Professor  
I do think there are areas that can be cut. I guess what I am saying is that your paragraphs aren’t really presented in a logical order. The direction of your argument isn’t crystal clear. And there’s some unnecessary material getting in the way.  
Student  
OK. Sounds like I have a lot to do.  
Professor  
And one more thing, do you have a copy of the department’s document on the correct format for index, citations and references?  
Student  
No. I mean, I look at it online when I was working on this assignment.  
Professor  
You really should print it out. You are going to need it for every paper you write in the political science department. It looks like you are getting it mix up with another referencing system.  
Student  
Oh. Yeah. I used something different in high school. It’s so confusing switching to a new system.  
Professor  
I know. But remember, everything needs to be consistent when it comes to referencing. It is a very important academic convention.  
Oh, also, I wanted to ask you... Will you be at the political science club meeting Saturday?  
Student  
Definitely. The topic is John Dewey.  
Professor  
Yes. Are you interested in leading part of the discussion? Tom Hayward is looking for someone to help out. I think you’ll have a lot to contribute.  
Student  
That’ll be fun. I will give him a call.  
### TPO28 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a philosophy class.  
Professor  
Okay. So, uh, to continue our discussion... When philosophers talk about the basis of knowledge, they don’t mean the source of information about any particular subject. They mean how we know what we know.  
Let’s start with one philosophical view—foundationalism.  
Foundationalism is the view that our knowledge claims, what we think we know, that is, they need to have a base. And think of knowledge as a house, you need a solid foundation on which to build your house. And if you have a strong foundation, your house is more likely to be solid. Well, foundationalists think the same thing is true of knowledge. If you have a solid base for your knowledge claims, then your knowledge structure is more likely to be strong, valid, true.  
First, you need some good foundational knowledge claims, and then the rest of the knowledge claims can be based on these. Now, as to what kinds of knowledge claims are foundational, well, that’s where this gets particularly interesting, in fact it sort of depends on which philosopher you ask. Take John Locke for instance.  
Locke’s viewpoint essentially was that when humans are born, their minds are like blank slates, that is, we don’t have any kind of knowledge when we are born. We get our knowledge from our senses, you know, taste, touch, smell, sight, hearing. So, when we look at the world, first as babies and then as we grow, that’s where our knowledge comes from. Our senses, our experiences serve as the foundation for our knowledge.  
Now, for a very different view, let’s turn to another philosopher—René Descartes.  
Descartes thought that you have to go much deeper to find the foundations. He believed that our senses are not to be trusted. So he wanted to find a more solid foundation for knowledge. He began with what has come to be called methodological doubt. And when we say methodological doubt, well ... Descartes believed that everything should be questioned, that is, approach it with doubt and that if you could find one thing that cannot be false, that one thing would serve as a foundation for all other knowledge claims.  
So unlike John Locke, Descartes doubts that knowledge comes to him from his senses. He points out that at some time or another, everyone has been deceived by their senses. We have all had experiences where our senses have been wrong—illusions, perhaps, mirages. When driving in a car on a hot summer day, you may see what looks like shimmering water on the road, which, as science tells us, is really just a mirage, an illusion caused by the heating of the air. Our senses are wrong, they’ve deceived us. And Descartes thinks that since our senses can deceive us, we ought not take for granted that what they tell us is really true. That’s the first step in his methodological doubt.  
From there he wonders, well, ok, I can doubt my senses, but can I doubt that I am sitting in this room? Can it seem that we are not really here? That we are somewhere else? He conceives that most of us would know that we are sitting in the room. But then he says, well, couldn’t I just be dreaming? He’s had dreams that were so real that he thought he was awake when in fact he was actually asleep. And this is another good point. It’s really hard to be sure that you are not actually dreaming. Yet another proof for Descartes that we can’t always trust what our senses are apparently telling us. We could be dreaming. And there’s really no good way to prove that we are not.  
So the common sense picture of reality, that the world is really the way it looks to us, Descartes shows that we cannot just assume this to be true beyond all doubt. And he does this by talking about illusions and also by arguing that we could be dreaming. But consider this, he says, while one is thinking or doubting, or doing any of those sorts of mental activities, one has to exist, right? To even think that I doubt that I exist, you have to exist! And so what Descartes has done is find at least one thing that he can be certain of. He says, “I exist.” And that’s a start. And other knowledge he tells us can be based on that foundation.  
### TPO28 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an animal behavior class.  
Professor  
As you know, researchers have long been interested in discovering exactly how intelligent animals are. Today we are going to talk about a particular cognitive ability some animals seem to have—the ability to recognize themselves in a mirror.  
Student  
Oh. I’ve heard about that. Chimpanzees have it.  
Professor  
Right. Chimpanzees and other primates, chimps, gorillas, orangutans, and of course, humans. But it’s also been found in elephants and bottlenose dolphins, a bit of a surprise. It’s very rare. Most animals don’t have it. And it’s called mirror self-recognition, or MSR.  
Student  
Well, how does it work? I mean, how do researchers know if elephants or chimps recognize themselves?  
Professor  
Researchers give them a mirror mark test. In the mirror mark test, researchers put a mark on the animal where the animal is unable to see it or smell it or feel it, like on the side of their head, without looking in the mirror.  
Now, typically, when animals first see themselves in the mirror, they think they are seeing another animal. Often they will look for this animal behind the mirror. They may even exhibit aggressive behavior.  
But some animals, after this period of exploration, exhibit behaviors that show they know they are looking at themselves. For instance, elephants will touch the mark on their heads with their trunks.  
Now, it’s been assumed that primates and some other mammals stood alone at the top of the hierarchy of cognitive evolution. But recently, birds have been found to possess some of the same cognitive abilities! In particular, researchers have discovered these abilities in corvids, birds of the corvidae family.  
Corvids include ravens, jays, crows and magpies among others. And what kinds of cognitive abilities are we talking about? Well, corvids and some mammals have the ability to plan for the future, to store food for instance, in places where they can find it later. It’s been suggested in fact that jays, corvids known for stealing each other’s food, may hide their food precisely because they are projecting their own tendency to steal onto other jays.  
So let’s talk about a study recently conducted with magpies. As I said, magpies are corvids. And because corvids have these other cognitive skills, researchers wanted to see if they were also capable of mirror self-recognition. So they gave them the mirror mark test, placing yellow sticker on the birds’ black throat feathers. At first, the magpies all engage in the same social behaviors that other animals do—looking behind the mirror, etc. But eventually, some of the birds, while looking in the mirror, kept scratching at the mark until they got rid of it. And they didn’t scratch at it when there was no mirror around. So they passed the test.  
Student  
Wow! Do any other birds have this ability?  
Professor  
Well, not that we know of. There was a study using pigeons, where researchers attempted to reduce MSR to a matter of conditioning, that is, they claimed that the ability to recognize oneself in a mirror could be learned. So these researchers basically trained some pigeons to pass the mirror mark test.  
But two things are noteworthy here. One, no one’s ever replicated the study. But more importantly, it misses the point. The issue isn’t whether some behavior can be learned. It’s whether a species has developed this ability spontaneously.  
Student  
So what does the test tell us about corvids or chimpanzees?  
Professor  
Good question. For one thing, it is important because it sets animals with a sense of self apart from those without a sense of self. But more importantly, many researchers believe that MSR is indicative of other advanced cognitive abilities. Self-awareness, even in its earliest stages, might entail an awareness of others, the ability to see their perspective, to look at the world from another’s point of view. This is crucial, because it implies a high level of cognitive development. It’s perhaps the first stage toward the development of empathy.  
Student  
But birds’ brains are so small compared to primates.  
Professor  
True. Though corvids do have unusually large brains for birds. But size isn’t the whole story. It’s thought that primates are so intelligent because of a certain part of their brains, which birds simply don’t have. But there is an area in birds’ brains that researchers believe governs similar cognitive functions.  
So primates and birds’ brains have evolved along different tracks, but ended up with similar abilities.  
### TPO28 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a conversation between a student and a professor.  
Student  
Hi. Sorry. I’m late. Professor Blane.  
Professor  
No problem. Jim. So you’ve got some questions about your senior thesis requirement?  
Student  
Yeah. I’ve got a couple of problems actually. So, the first thing is, you normally write it during the first half of the academic year. Right? In your final year of studies.  
Professor   
Right.  
Student  
But I have my student teaching scheduled for that time. I want to teach high school English after graduation. So I really need to give that my full attention. And I just worry that I won’t be able to if I am writing my senior thesis at the same time. I mean, it’s supposed to be 35 to 40 pages. That’s a serious commitment.  
Professor  
You are right. But it really isn’t a problem.  
Student   
Really?  
Professor  
No. A lot of English majors get teacher certification, so we have students like you do their senior thesis after their student teaching. It works out well, because many students want to use a unit they taught as the basis of their paper. So you’ll just enroll in a thesis seminar for the second semester.  
Student  
Well, that’s a big relief. But it brings us to my second problem. I’d really focus my studies on old and middle English literature. I am even thinking about doing a graduate degree with a concentration in that after I taught for a while. So I was hoping to do my senior thesis on Chaucer, on The Canterbury Tales, because that would obviously be useful if I do go on. But ...  
Professor  
Ah. But Professor Johnson ...  
Student  
Exactly. Professor John is going to be taking a sabbatical to do research in France during the second half of the year. So without him around, I am not sure how I could do a senior thesis on The Canterbury Tales. I mean, the focus of his teaching and research is unique around here.  
Professor  
Yes. I understand. It would be difficult to do your paper without professor Johnson around. Hmmm... would you allow me to try to sell you on an alternate plan?  
Student  
Well, you can try. But Chaucer is sort of my hero, if you know what I mean.  
Professor  
Well, I am teaching a course on the literature of the Renaissance in the first half of the year. It’ll meet late in the day, so it won’t interfere with your teaching. And I haven’t offered it in quite a while now, so I doubt you ever studied that period on the college level.  
Student  
No. I haven’t.  
Professor  
If you would be interested in taking the course, I’d be happy to give you supplemental readings, and I’d also be happy to be your advisor for your paper later on.  
Student  
Well, I never looked at that area before, but I have always had an interest in it. So that does have a certain appeal.  
Professor  
Well, if you do decide to go this route, I would make that decision soon and I would use this summer productively. After all, this is not going to be like taking an intro course.  
### TPO28 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a botany class.  
Professor  
OK. Last time we talked about photosynthesis, the process by which plants use light to convert carbon dioxide and water into food. Today I want to talk about another way light affects plants. I am sure you all know from physics class about how light moves in microscopic ways and that we can only see light when the wavelength of that light is in a specific range. Plus, depending on the wavelengths, we see different colors.  
Well, plants are also capable of distinguishing between different wavelengths of light. Now, I don’t want to confuse you. It is not like plants have eyes. Plants don’t see in the sense that humans or animals do, but they do have photoreceptors.  
Photoreceptors are cells that respond to light by sending out a chemical signal. And the organism, the plant, reacts to this signal. In fact, the signals that plants get from their photoreceptors sometimes cause significant reactions.  
And many plants are seasonal. And one way they know when winter is ending and spring is beginning is by sensing the change in light. The time when an adult plant flowers is based on the amount of light the plant senses. Certain plant species won’t flower if they sense too much light and some plants will only flower if they sense a specific amount of light. Of course, these aren’t conscious reactions. These plants just automatically respond to light in certain ways.  
Plants are also able to distinguish between specific wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot even see! Specifically there’s a wavelength called far-red. Although why they call it far-red ... I mean, it is not red at all. It lies in the infrared range of the spectrum. We can’t see it, but plants can sense it as a different wavelength.  
OK. Now I need to mention another thing about photosynthesis. I didn’t explain how different wavelengths of light affect photosynthesis. When a plant absorbs light for performing photosynthesis, it only absorbs some wavelengths of light and reflects others. Plants absorb most of the red light that hits them, but plants only absorb some of the far-red light that hits them. They reflect the rest. Remember this, because it’s going to be relevant in an experiment I want to discuss.  
This fascinating experiment showed that plants not only detect and react to specific wavelengths of light, plants can also detect and react to changes in the ratio of one wavelength to another. This experiment was called the Pampas experiment.  
The idea behind the Pampas experiment had to do with the response of plants to changes in the ratio of red light to far-red light that the plants sense with their photoreceptors. Some biologists hypothesize that a plant will stop growing if it’s in the shade of another plant, a reaction that’s triggered when it senses an unusual ratio of red light to far-red light. OK.  
Imagine there are two plants. One below the other. The plant on top would absorb most of the red light for photosynthesis, but reflect most of the far-red light. That would lead to the plant in its shade sensing an unusual ratio. There will be less red light and more far-red light than normal.  
What that ratio signifies is important. A ratio of less red and to more far-red light would cause a reaction from the plant. It would stop growing taller, because that plant would sense that it wasn’t going to get enough sunlight to provide the energy to grow large.  
To test their hypothesis, researchers took some electrical lights, um... actually, they were light-emitting diodes, or LEDs. These light-emitting diodes could simulate red light. So they put these LEDs around some plants that were in the shade. The LEDs produce light that the plants sensed as red. But, unlike sunlight, the light from these LEDs did not support photosynthesis. So the plants sensed the proper ratio of red light to far-red light and reacted by continuing to grow taller, while in reality these plants were not getting enough energy from photosynthesis to support all of that growth. And because they weren’t getting enough energy to support their growth, most of the shaded plants died after a short time.  
### TPO28 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class.  
Professor  
It’s every archaeologist’s dream to find a lost civilization, to make some huge discovery, to find artifacts no one else has laid a hand on in millennia. You might think that this never happens any more, given all the research in archaeology that’s been done. But in the late twentieth century, archaeologists discovered the remains of a sophisticated people whose settlement might have been the hub of a civilization few people even thought existed.  
They found this site at the edge of a desert in Turkmenistan, in central Asia, where a series of mounds rise up from the plains. Now, you might remember because we’ve talked about this, archaeologists know that mounds such as these are the kinds of geological features that indicate the presence of ancient settlements. Jim?  
Student  
Um...mounds can be different things, right? Some are burial places...  
Professor  
Exactly. And some are the remains of cities. The inhabitants would build houses and temples you know, what have you. And over time, those buildings would fall down or be torn down and then be built over. Over time, generations of building and rebuilding in the same area would result in a large hill the size of a city. Careful excavation and documentation of layers in a mound can reveal a wealth of information about the everyday life of a people in a settlement over many periods of occupation.  
Now, this particular site is called Gonur-depe. What was found at Gonur-depe was amazing: the ruins of a huge palace complex, the foundations of shops and houses, the remains of thick walls and towers that fortified the city. There was even an elaborate canal system and a lot of very intricate jewelry. All these findings seem to indicate that they are the remains of an ancient civilization that was every bit as advanced as other more famous civilizations of the time. Like those in Egypt, or, or China. And the site dates back to 3,000 B.C.E.  
Student  
Did they trade with those other civilizations? Because if they did, wouldn’t there’ve been some evidence of that? You know, an artifact found in the ruins of other civilizations?  
Professor  
That’s a good question. I mentioned Jewelry, well, Jewelry have been found in Mesopotamia and at archaeological sites in modern-day Pakistan. But archaeologists didn’t know where it came from. Only after the site at Gonur-depe was excavated were archaeologists able to identify it as coming from Gonur-depe. Uh, Sheryl?  
Student  
I wonder why nobody found this site before.  
Professor  
Well, before the discovery of this site, it was commonly believed that central Asia had always been occupied by mostly nomadic people. So there would be no record of major settlements. A couple of small finds have been made in the area, but really, no one had looked very hard.  
Now, one mystery regarding this site is that archaeological records show it was inhabited for only a few centuries.  
Student  
What happened to the people who lived there?  
Professor  
Well, the site was close to the Murgab river, which they would have depended on for their water. And the Murgab river, which runs toward the west, is the kind of river that shifts its course over time. So one theory is that the river’s course shifted toward the South, and they simply followed it and built new towns to the South.  
Another theory is that they were involved in wars with neighboring settlements. But we might never know the truth.  
One thing we do know is that in the decades since Gonur-depe was discovered, the site has deteriorated significantly. I mean, it’s been disturbed for the first time in millennia. And being exposed to the Sun and wind has taken its toll on the ancient city.  
So now the question is, do we partially restore and rebuild the site before the entire thing disintegrates? It will take a lot of funding to restore it and I am not sure it’ll be made available, which would be a pity. Even a partly altered site can provide valuable information, which would be lost otherwise.  
### TPO29 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a conversation between a student and an employee at the registrar’s office.  
Employee  
Morning. How can I help you?  
Student  
Well, I am kind of confused about my schedule. I printed it out this morning. But one of the classes I registered for is missing.  
Employee  
OK. Let’s see if we can figure this out. What’s your name?  
Student  
Lisa Johnson.  
Employee  
Alright. I am bringing up your schedule on the computer. Hmmm...It looks like you’re registered for Introduction to Astronomy, Survey of American Literature, and Introduction to Government and Politics.  
Student  
Well, yes, but I also registered for a language class—Level One Japanese. Did they...I don’t know, maybe cancel it?  
Employee  
I doubt it. The Japanese classes are quite popular. But let’s take a look at the list of Japanese classes being offered this semester just to make sure. Um... what section did you register for?  
Student  
I don’t remember the section number. But it’s the one that meets at eleven.  
Employee  
Ah! That would be section five. Well, according to this, the class is completely full. Are you sure...you, um, you registered online, right?  
Student   
Yeah.  
Employee  
Did you get a confirmation message?  
Student  
What do you mean?  
Employee  
Well, once you’ve successfully registered for a class, the computer gives you a message saying you are in.  
Student  
Oh. You mean that message at the bottom of the screen that says you’re now registered for this class? Actually, I didn’t get that message. I got one that said “instructor’s signature required.” I thought I just needed to get to professor’s signature on the first day of class.  
Employee  
Well, you do. But the professor might no sign it. It depends on how full the class is and how many additional students the professor is willing to let in.  
Student  
So that means I am not registered for the class. Not unless the professor signs me in. What, uh, what should I do now?  
Employee  
Let me give you the form the professor needs to sign. Go to the class on the first day, get there early, so you can talk to the professor before class starts. Find out if he or she is willing to let you in. If so, bring the signed form back here and we’ll register you for the class.  
If not, well, you’ll have to find a different class. I’d start looking for alternatives now, just in case.  
Student  
What do you think my chances are of getting into this class?  
Employee  
Students often add and drop classes once the semester begins, so there is a real chance a seat would open up. But of course there are no guarantees.  
Student  
It’s just that I need a language course to graduate and that’s the only Japanese class that fits my schedule.  
Employee  
Yes. But according to our records, you are only in your first year here. If you can’t take the class this semester, you still got time.  
Student  
I know. I was just hoping to take care of my requirements earlier rather than later.  
Employee  
I understand. I just wanted to make sure you know you had options.  
### TPO29 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a plant ecology class.  
Professor  
So far we have covered biodiversity in the hard wood forest here in the upper peninsula of Michigan from a number of angles. We’ve looked at everything from how biodiversity relates to species stability, to competition for forests resources and more.  
But now I want to discuss what’s called pedodiversity. Pedodiversity is basically soil diversity. When we analyze pedodiversity within an area, we are measuring how much variability there is in soil properties and how many different types of soil there are in a particular area.  
So we look at soil chemistry. For example, how much nitrogen or magnesium there’s in the soil in one spot. And we compare it with the chemistry of the soil a short distance away.  
Until recently, there hasn’t been a whole lot of attention paid to pedodiversity. But that’s changing rapidly. More and more studies are being done in these fields. There’s a link between biodiversity and pedodiversity, an obvious relationship between soils and flora and fauna, which is why pedodiversity really should be considered in forest management.  
A high degree of soil variability in a small area is common, particularly within forests. If you compare soils from a forest with soils that don’t come from a forest, the amount of variability will most likely be greater in the forest’s soil. It generally has more diversity.  
Um...OK. There are three main causes of pedodiversity within old-growth forest here in our region of Michigan.  
One is tree species. Different species have different influences on soil formation and soil properties. For example, pine trees drop pine needles. And those needles add a lot of acid to the soil. The organic litter of another tree species might add less acid but more of something else. A lot of different types of trees in an area might mean more pedodiversity.  
Another cause? Gaps ... created when trees fall. You see, where there are gaps, open areas in the forest, the soil there changes. Um... for instance, without a tree to absorb radiation from the Sun, to offer shade, the full intensity of that radiation reaches the ground. The soil where the tree used to be heats up. And without a tree to soak up moisture from the ground, the soil remains wetter than in the surrounding forest. With a higher temperature and more moist conditions, the process of organic matter decomposition speeds up. In other words, organic matter gets broken down and added into the soil more quickly in these gaps than in the surrounding forest.  
OK. And the third cause—trees being uprooted. When a tree is uprooted, it might fall into some other trees on its way down, thus falling only partway over. Or it might crash all the way down to the forest floor. Either way, if its roots are pulled up from out of the ground as the tree topples over, then there’s usually a big hole, a pit left in the ground where the roots used to be. And there’s still a lot of soil attached to the roots, clinging to the roots. As that soil is eventually shed from the roots by rain and wind and the movement of squirrels climbing around, things like that. Um... as the soil is shed, it drops down and forms a little hill of dirt, a mound.  
Pits and mounds have significantly different soil properties than other areas in the forest. You get a redistribution and mixing of soil as deep roots are ripped up from the ground. Rock fragments can be pulled up too, if they’ve gotten entangled with the roots over the years. So rock fragments from the subsoil can end up concentrated on the surface.  
There are forests management implications I want to point out. Forests management impacts soil quality. And when we better understand pedodiversity, we will be better able to predict the impact of forest management on soil. But in general, for positive impact, forest management practices should mimic natural forest processes. And the goal should be to promote pedodiversity, and through this, biodiversity in general.  
I have a handout, an article on pedodiversity in a section of forests near here. I want you to read it, because it makes a point that I’ve only touched on. From what I have been saying about the causes of pedodiversity, you might assume that the relationship between forest dynamics, what happens to the trees, and pedodiversity is a one-way street. As the article explains, forest dynamics affects pedodiversity. But pedodiversity also affects forest dynamics. It’s worth bearing in mind.  
### TPO29 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an architecture class.  
Professor  
Today I’d like to talk a bit about the relationship between the built world and sound. Uh, the design of buildings like concert halls or theaters. So, what’s the most important aspect in the design of such a building?  
Student   
Acoustics?  
Professor  
Yes. Now, people have been concerned about how sound carries in auditoriums and theaters for at least 2,000 years. But it was not until the beginning of the twentieth century that architectural acoustics became a scientific field. That was when the physicist Wallace Sabine started to do extensive studies on reverberation.  
Sabine wanted to find out why the audience could not understand speakers at a lecture hall in Boston. He designed a series of studies on reverberation to figure it out. So, what is reverberation? It’s the persistence of sound in a room after the source has stopped making sound. You see, sound made in a room reflects off the walls, floors and ceiling. That’s the reverberant sound. The time it takes for the reverberant sound to die down is important for the acoustic quality of a room. Sabine recognized this and he came up with an equation to measure a room’s reverberation time.  
So, what happens if the reverberation time is very long?  
Student  
Wouldn’t it be difficult to hear new sounds if you can still hear the old sounds?  
Professor  
Exactly. A long reverberation time may cause musical notes to drown one another out.  
On the other hand, if the reverberation time is very short ... meaning, the reverberations are absorbed very quickly, the room is called dead. Performers would feel they have to struggle to fill the room with sound. We don’t want that. In a concert hall or theater, we prefer a live room, where the sound has fullness.  
So we need to control the reverberation time. After all, we don’t want the listeners or the performers have to struggle, right?  
So what are some important considerations when we design a theater or a concert hall?  
Student  
The size of the place?  
Professor  
Absolutely. The larger the room, the longer the reverberation time. So we’ll have to take into account what the room will be mainly used for, since music requires more reverberation than speech. A room intended for music needs to be designed differently from a room intended for drama. For music, we need a very large room, a concert hall, actually I should say for full orchestras. Because for a single instrument, say something like a piano recital, a room with a short reverberation time is better. So for a solo piano a smaller room works well. Yes?  
Student  
I read that concert halls designed for symphony orchestras have too much echo for jazz music.  
Professor  
That doesn’t surprise me. Most small jazz groups would need rooms with a shorter reverberation time.  
But besides the size of the room, another variable affecting reverberation is the shape of the room. Let’s say you design a rectangular box-like space with bare walls and ceiling, this would allow the sound to act like a ball in a racquetball court, you know, bouncing around and hitting some parts of the walls and ceiling but missing many others. If that happens in a concert hall, audience members may hear some sounds, but not others.  
So what can be done to distribute the sound evenly in every direction? The answer is: avoid straight, parallel walls.  
Karen?  
Student  
But I think I’ve seen photos of rectangular concert halls.  
Professor  
Right. Older concert halls from the 1800s are generally rectangular. But they all have a lot of decorations on the walls inside, lots of ornamental plasterwork like statues, which distribute sound very efficiently, reflecting it in all different directions.  
And that brings me to another variable we need to consider. The acoustic characteristics of the building materials as well as the wall and floor coverings. In fact, most objects you see in a concert hall or theater serve double duty. The plush chairs absorb sound and soften reverberation. And the beautiful crystal Chandeliers? They are very good at diffusing sound. You see, everything must be planned down to the last detail in order to predict the acoustic performance of a room.  
That being said, there’s something that can’t be controlled by the architect. The audience has an effect on acoustics too. The heads of people are good diffusers of sound. And Architects try to account for this effect in their design, but they can’t guarantee a full auditorium.  
### TPO29 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and his music history professor.  
Student  
Um, professor Jenkins. The listening journal you assigned us to keep for the Intro to World Music class, well, I am not sure I understand what to do. I listened to the pieces you assigned this week more than once, but when I tried to write about them, I didn’t know what to say.  
Professor  
Well, it’s not easy to write about music, even for people who are supposedly expert at it.  
Student  
That makes me feel a little better. But I am just not familiar with how you keep a listening journal. I’ve kept journals for other classes, summarizing and writing about how I felt about readings.  
Professor  
Well, a listening journal isn’t all that different, I want you to note your feelings about musical compositions too.  
Student  
OK. There were pieces I like more than others, but I think you want our comments to be a little more...I don’t know, analytical. Right?  
Professor  
Well, whether you like a piece or not is important, but you should be able to explain why you like a particular piece and be able to talk about its historical and musical context. Actually, the listening journal is a tool to help you listen to music actively, to think about what you are hearing.  
Student  
Maybe I am finding it difficult because I am not real familiar with most of the music you assigned. I mean, if it’s hip-hop or something I listen to with my friends...  
Professor  
Yes, because hip-hop is a form that’s familiar and meaningful to you. But you’ll see as the semester progresses and you start learning more about musical forms, you’ll become a more adept listener. And you’ll start noticing patterns.  
Student  
OK. So the songs we listened to this week, the ...the Canto?  
Professor  
The Cante jondo. You remember we said it means “deep song” in Andalusian Spanish? Not only because it’s sung in a deep register, but also because it’s a song about deeper or serious matters, certainly not lighthearted.  
Student  
Really? Hmm...I guess I didn’t catch the double meaning. That’s kind of cool. But anyway, even with the translations you gave us for the lyrics and everything, I don’t know, I could tell it’s sad, but I wasn’t trying to analyze it, from a musical perspective that is.  
Professor  
OK. So this is what you should do. Go back and listen to the song selection and this time pay attention to the melody, to repetition, to the ...  
Student  
There was plenty of that. Some parts sounded like the same note played over and over again.  
Professor  
That’s exactly the kind of observation you would record in a listening journal. So, melody repetition, rhythm, how the piece is structured, as well as your reasons for liking or disliking it.  
You know what? I thought everyone was clear about this, but you’ve just given me a great idea. I am going to draw up a list of questions everyone should keep in mind when they are writing their journals. Other students may be having the same problem you are having.  
### TPO29 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class.  
Professor  
We will be looking at the original settlement of the Americas next, and I’ll spend the next few classes talking about the Clovis people and the two big questions archaeologists have about them.  
The two big questions are, when did the Clovis people arrive in the Americas? And of course, were they the first people in the Western hemisphere. And we’ll get to that. But for today, let’s try to get an idea about, well, a question that’s not addressed as much as the others and that’s – what was their culture like? And how do we figure that out?  
Now, again, there’s a great debate about when the Clovis people first arrived in the Americas. And I am not like a lot of archaeologists who want to push the number way back, so let’s use a round number and probably a safe number and say 11,000 years ago. The Clovis people were likely settling North America 11,000 years ago. And leave it at that for now.  
Now, most of what we know about the Clovis people comes from one of their tools—the Clovis point. When we talk about a point we are referring to a piece of stone that’s worked to a sharp point, in this case probably to be attached to a spear. The Clovis point may be the most analyzed artifact in archaeology. And the point used by Clovis people differs slightly from later points, in the way that the base of the stone is thinned, uh, it’s thinner toward the base, the part that’s attached to the spear. So when one is found, it’s usually not confused with points made by later groups.  
Clovis points have been discovered at both hunting grounds and camp sites, which you might expect. But another fascinating place we find them is in Clovis caches. A cache is just something stored or hidden away. It’s also the term for the place where it’s hidden.  
The Clovis caches are collections of tools, stone points and other tools made of stone or bone, often at various stages of manufacturing, some were left unfinished. The traditional explanation is that these were emergency supplies, uh, meant to be used at a later time. Since the Clovis people were highly mobile, it’s plausible that they would set up spots along established travel routes where they keep a variety of items. Either so that they wouldn’t have to carry everything with them or so they could save time once they arrived at a site by not having to make stuff from scratch.  
But there’s another theory about the caches based on the quality of some of the points we’ve found. You see, the points in some caches differ from other points, from points at Clovis camp sites for example. For one thing, these cache points are quite large, up to twice as large as regular points, so big that you couldn’t attach one to a spear say, and expect to throw the spear accurately over any distance. So what were they for?  
Well, it was originally thought that they were unfinished, that someone was working away a point, then had to stop and put it aside in one of these caches to work on later. The problem is: it’s unlikely that a point would have started out as large as the points in these caches, that would be a lot of stone to chip away. A toolmaker starts with a smaller piece. And actually, far from being unfinished, a lot of these points really show excellent craftsmanship and attention to detail. And not just with respect to the skill, but also with respect to the raw material, it seems that cached points are made from the very best pieces of stone.  
So we have to ask—could these points have served another purpose? Maybe be they weren’t just tools. Look at it this way. When the Clovis people first arrived in the Americas, they had a lot to learn about their new environment. Over time, they would have begun to recognize some places as special, important for some reason. Maybe there was always water available there. Or the hunting was especially good. So maybe the cache was a way to mark the place as significant.  
### TPO29 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a structural engineering class.  
Professor  
Today let’s begin to look at structural engineering in the Space Age. Uh, new problems...new possibilities mean we can think in new ways, find radically different approaches. So let’s consider...uh, well, what would you say is the biggest obstacle today to putting structures, equipment, people ...uh, anything really, into space?  
Student  
Well, the cost, right?  
Professor  
Exactly. I mean, just taking the space shuttle up and back one time is hugely expensive. Uh, why?  
Student  
I guess a lot of it is for fuel, right? To...to get the rocket going fast enough.  
Professor  
OK. Fast enough to...  
Student  
To escape Earth’s gravity.  
Professor  
Good. So we are burning up an enormous amount of fuel at every launch just to get the rocket up to what’s known as escape velocity. Now, escape velocity is around 11 kilometers a second, pretty fast. But do we really have to go this fast?  
Student  
Well, yeah. I mean, how else can you, um...escape? I mean, that’s the whole point of escape velocity, right? Otherwise gravity will pull you back down to the Earth.  
Professor  
Actually, that’s a common misconception. Escape velocity is simply the speed of an object that’s ...uh, let’s say, shot out of a cannon the minimum initial speed so that the object could later escape Earth’s gravity on its own. But that’s just if there’s no additional force being applied. If you keep on supplying force to the object, keep on pushing it upward. It could pull away from Earth’s gravity at any speed.  
Student  
Even really slow? So you’re saying ...like, if you had a ladder tall enough, you could just climb into space?  
Professor  
Yeah! Uh, well, theoretically. I mean, I can see some practical problems with the ladder example. Uh, like you might get just a little bit tired out after the first few thousand kilometers or so, uh, especially with all the oxygen tanks you’ll have to be hauling up with you.  
No. I was thinking more along the lines of an elevator.  
Student  
Wait! You are serious?  
Professor  
Sure. An elevator. That’s a new idea to most of us, but in fact it’s been around for over a century. If we could power such an elevator with solar energy, we could simply rise up into space for a fraction of the cost of a trip by rocket or shuttle.  
Student  
But wait, elevators don’t just rise up. It have (sic2) to hang on some kind of wire or track or something.  
Professor  
Uh, true. And for decades that’s exactly what’s prevented the idea from being feasible or even just taken seriously. Where do we find the material strong enough yet lightweight enough to act as a cable or track. I mean, we are talking 36,000 kilometers here. And the strain on the cable would be more than most materials could bear.  
But a new material developed recently has a tensile strength higher than diamond, yet it’s much more flexible. I am talking about carbon nanotubes.  
Student  
OK. I’ve read something about carbon nanotubes. They are strong, alright, but aren’t they just very short little cylinders in shape?  
Professor  
Ah, yes. But these cylinders cling together at a molecular level. You pull out one nanotube or row of nanotubes, and its neighbor’s come with it, and their neighbors, and so on. So you could actually draw out a 36,000-kilometer strand or ribbon of nanotubes stronger than steel, but maybe a thousandth the thickness of a human hair.  
Student  
OK. Fine. But what’s going to hold this ribbon up and keep it reach enough to support an elevator car?  
Professor  
Well, we definitely have to anchor it at both ends. So what we need is a really tall tower here on the ground right at the equator and a satellite in geostationary orbit around the Earth. There’s a reason I mentioned that figure of 36,000 kilometers. That’s about how high an object would have to be orbiting straight up from the equator to constantly remain directly above the exact same spot on the rotating planet Earth. So once you are in this geostationary orbit right over the tower, just lower your carbon nanotube cable down from the satellite, tether it to the tower here on Earth. And there you have it!  
Student  
So you really think this is a possibility? Like, how soon could it happen?  
Professor  
Well, the science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke talked about building a space elevator back in the 1970s. And when someone asked him when he thought this idea might become a reality, his reply was, “Probably about fifty years after everybody quits laughing.”  
