### TPO30 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and an employee at the student activity center.  
Student  
This is the administrative office, right?  
Employee  
Uh-huh. How can I help you?  
Student  
Well, I am stopping by to reserve a place for my school club that meet and work, pretty much on a regular basis. Ideally, our preference would be to have our own office.  
Employee  
Hmm...well, we are out of private offices. But we do have some semi-private options still available.  
Student  
What do you mean?  
Employee  
Well, it’s a setup where you’ll have a larger workspace shared by two other clubs. In other words, each club would have its own work area within that one room.  
Student  
Oh. Are there any divider, walls or anything?  
Employee  
Oh, yes. There will be a couple of dividers, so there’s some privacy.  
Student  
Um. We’ll work with that then. I wouldn’t want to be without an office.  
Employee  
OK. Here are the two forms you have to fill out. Why don’t you do it now while I set that up through out computer system.  
Student   
OK.  
Employee  
So what’s your club’s name? And the last name of the club president.  
Student  
Oh, it’s the photography club. And it’s Williams. That’s me. John Williams.  
Employee  
Hmm...that’s not pulling up anything on my screen. Um...let me try something else. Uh, how about your faculty advisor’s name?  
Student  
Sarah Baker. She is in the Arts Department.  
Employee  
Hmm...No. Strange. You know your club is just not showing up in my online records. Is this an established club?  
Student  
No. Actually it’s a brand-new one.  
Employee  
Hmm...have you completed the registration process?  
Student  
Yeah, last week. That was my very first step.  
Employee  
Right. Well, for my purposes, a club definitely has to be registered before I can proceed further. At the moment, however, it appears that there’s no record of your club’s registration.  
Student  
Really? I thought everything was finalized last week.  
Employee  
Well, it is surprising. Usually there’s a 24-hour turnaround in our computer database. So then do you have the registration approval letter from the review committee? That would give me the verification I need.  
Student  
Yeah. I do. I mean, well, I don’t have it with me. But ... I... I, uh, can get it from my dorm room, bring it back with me and submit it with those forms you need from me.  
Employee  
Great! That’ll work. And just so you are aware, there’re lots of benefits to being registered.  
Student  
Oh, yeah. I think the university will give us permission to set up a website, right? I want to get students sharing their ideas on the website, you know, establish a photography blog.  
Employee  
Yes. You’ll be able to do that. And...um...actually there’s more. You’ll be allowed the use of audiovisual equipment at no cost. You’ll receive a club mailbox and a club email address. You’ll be allowed to post your flyers and posters around the campus for publicity. And you could be eligible for funding for club events.  
Student  
Well, we are definitely interested in hiring a professional speaker at one of our campus events at some point in the semester. And speakers almost always charge a fee. So I’ll definitely follow up on that.  
### TPO30 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a psychology class.  
Professor  
We’ve been talking about animal cognition—the study of animal intelligence. Now, much of the research in this area is motivated by the search for animal analogues, or parallels to human cognitive processes. And one of the processes we’ve been investigating is metacognition.  
What is metacognition? Well, it’s being aware of what one knows or feels, uh, um... having an awareness of one’s state of mind. And making decisions about behavior based on what one knows. Researchers have long been interested in whether animals possess this capability, but...but couldn’t test it because animals aren’t able to report their feelings.  
But recently one group of researchers found a way to solve this problem. They did studies with...with monkeys and dolphins that provide evidence that these animals have the ability to feel uncertainty, to feel unsure about something and...and...well, to know that they are uncertain.  
So how could these researchers figure out if an animal feels uncertainty. Well, it began with a study one of them did on a dolphin, who had been trained to recognize a particular high-pitched tone. The dolphin was taught to press one of two paddles depending on whether it heard the high tone or one that was lower. Food was a reward for a correct response. But if the wrong paddle was pressed, the dolphin had to wait several seconds before it could try again. The task varied in difficulty according to the pitch of the second tone. The closer it came in pitch to the first one, the hard it became for the dolphin to correctly identify it as low. And the researcher noted that the dolphin is quite eager to press the paddle when it was sure of the answer, but exhibited hesitation during difficult trials.  
Next the researcher introduced a third option, a third paddle that would initiate a new trial, giving the dolphin the choice of passing on difficult trials. Once the dolphin figured out the result of pressing this new paddle, it did choose it frequently when the trial was difficult. The researcher took that as an indication that the animal wanted to pass because it didn’t know the answer and knew it didn’t know.  
But there was a problem. Other researchers protested that the... the opt-out response was simply a learned or conditioned response. You remember intro to psychology, right? In other words, by pressing the pass paddle, the dolphin avoided having to wait and hasten the possibility of a full reward by moving directly to the next trial. So the experiment didn’t necessarily indicate that the dolphin had knowledge of its own uncertainty, just that it wanted to avoid negative consequences.  
So more recently, our researcher and his colleagues devised a new study, this time using monkeys. In this experiment, the monkeys had to identify certain patterns displayed on a computer screen. These patterns were analogous to the tones used in the dolphin study. One type of pattern was of a specific density and was to be classified as dense, while the second type of pattern could vary in density, but was always less dense than the first one. And the monkeys’ task was to identify this second type as sparse. So the denser the second type of pattern was, the more difficult the task became.  
And as in a previous study, the monkeys were given a third choice that would allow them to pass on to a new trial. But unlike in the dolphin experiment, the monkeys had to complete four trials before they got any feedback. They didn’t know if they responded correctly or incorrectly after each trial because there was no reward or punishment. At the end of four trials, feedback was given. The monkeys received a full reward for each correct response. And a time-out during which a buzzer was sounded for each incorrect response. But the monkeys had no way to tell which reward or punishment was associated with which response. And they didn’t get either reward or punishment for choosing the pass option, the...um...the uncertainty response. But nevertheless they still chose this option in the appropriate circumstances when the trial was particularly difficult. And this is evidence that it wasn’t a conditioned response, because that response didn’t guarantee a faster reward.  
So what does all this tell us about animal consciousness or animals’ awareness of themselves and their state of mind? Can we really know what’s going on in the minds of animals? No. Of course not. But exploring the metacognitive capacity of animals could become an important criterion in highlighting the similarities and differences between human and animal minds.  
### TPO30 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a paleontology class.  
Professor  
As we’ve discussed, birds are apparently descendants of dinosaurs and shared many commonalities with some dinosaur species, like...um...feathers and maybe even flight and of course egg laid. OK.  
So, many paleontologists, myself included, have wondered about other similarities between dinosaurs and birds. Since adult dinosaur fossils have sometimes been discovered near or on top of nests, we’ve been looking at the dinosaur parenting behavior.  
Student  
Parenting behavior, well, that sounds so gentle and caring. But dinosaurs were ferocious reptiles and reptiles don’t take care of their young, do they?  
Professor  
Well, some reptiles incubate their eggs, crocodiles do. And as for popular attitudes towards dinosaurs...well, take the Oviraptor for instance.  
In the 1920s, a paleontologist discovered the fossil remains of a small dinosaur near a nest containing eggs. He assumed the dinosaur was stealing the eggs, so he named it Oviraptor that means egg thief in Latin, which fueled the generally negative public image of such dinosaurs.  
But by the 1990s, other experts had convincingly made the case that instead of robbing the nest; the Oviraptor was probably taking care of the eggs. You see, dinosaurs’ closest living relatives – birds and crocodiles – display nesting behavior. And dinosaur fossils have been found in postures that we now believe to indicate brooding behavior, that is, sitting on the eggs until they hatch.  
So we are curious about the type of care dinosaurs gave to their young. And we’d like to figure out which dinosaur parent, the male or the female gave the care.  
Student  
Shouldn’t the behavior of crocodiles and birds give us some clues then?  
Professor  
Well, with crocodiles, it is the female who guards the nest, and with birds, it depends on the species, it can be the male or the female that takes care the eggs, or both. In over 90 percent of all bird species, both parents take care of the eggs and the young birds.  
Student  
But sometimes it’s just the male?  
Professor  
Well, exclusive care by the male parent is much less common, but it does occur. Now, for animals other than birds, the care of young by both parents is pretty unusual in the animal kingdom. Males contribute to parental care in fewer than five percent of all mammalian species. It’s even less frequent among reptiles. And exclusive care by the male is very rare. So researchers have wondered about the evolution of male parenting behavior in birds for quite some time. And now there’s research showing that for some of the birds’ dinosaur relatives, it’s likely that the male parent was also in charge of taking care of the eggs.  
Student  
How did they figure that out?  
Professor  
Well, first they looked at clutch volume, that’s the number of eggs in the nest of crocodiles, birds and three types of dinosaurs, including Oviraptors that are thought to be closely related to the dinosaur ancestors of birds.  
So when researchers examined fossilized remains of nests, they found that the dinosaurs had larger clutch volumes, more eggs in the nests that is, than most of the crocodiles and birds that were studied. But, and this is important, their clutch volumes matched those of birds that have only male parental care. You see, bird species in which only the males take care of the nest tend to have the largest clutches of eggs.  
Student  
So what’s the connection between bird and dinosaur behavior?  
Professor  
Well, researchers now believe, because of this study, that the male parenting behavior of these birds might have its origins in the behavior of dinosaurs.  
Student  
Based only on evidence of clutch volume size, the number of eggs?  
Professor  
No, there’s more. They also examined the fossilized bones of those three types of dinosaurs that were found on or near nests to determine their sex. You see, adult female birds during egg production produce a layer of spongy bone tissue inside certain long bones. And so did female dinosaurs of the kinds that were investigated. This spongy tissue serves as a source of calcium for eggshell formation. But when the dinosaur fossils were examined, there were no spongy bone deposits.  
Student  
Meaning that those dinosaurs on the nests were probably adult males who wouldn’t have needed calcium for making eggshells.  
Professor  
Exactly. And then there’s this: birds like the kiwi, the ostrich and the emu; they share certain physical characteristics with these dinosaurs. And interestingly, they also show a consistent pattern of nest care by the male.  
### TPO30 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and his art history professor.  
Professor  
How was the museum?  
Student  
Great. I hadn’t been there for a few years.  
Professor  
Did you enjoy the Van Gogh painting?  
Student  
That’s the thing. Looks like I have to change my topic.  
Professor  
Hmm... we are getting close to the deadline. You were writing about the theme of night in the paintings of Vincent Van Gogh.  
It’s a wonderful topic.  
Student  
I know. People don’t usually think of Van Gogh as an artist of nocturnal themes. They think of brightness, sunshine, all that yellow and orange.  
Professor  
You are right of course about the intense light associated with his daytime paintings. But his night paintings don’t exactly lack brightness.  
Student  
That’s the paradox that I really like, the paradox of painting a nighttime scene using so much color and light. So I was planning to focus mostly on his painting Starry Night.  
Professor   
But?  
Student  
When I went to the museum to look at the actual painting, like you told me to. It wasn’t there.  
Professor  
Really? Isn’t it part of the permanent collection?  
Student  
Yes. But it’s on loan right now to a museum in Europe.  
Professor  
Ah, I see. Well, I am strict about having students write about paintings they can observe firsthand.  
Student  
Well, I found another painting I could study instead.  
Professor   
OK.  
Student  
I read that there are two paintings called Starry Night. The first one was done by the French realist painter Millet. It may have been the inspiration for Van Gogh’s painting. Millet’s painting is located near my family’s house in Connecticut. And I am going there this weekend and could study it then. I made sure it’s not out on loan.  
Professor  
That definitely would work then. Van Gogh copied many of Millet’s compositions. We know that he really admired Millet’s work. And a lot of us think Van Gogh saw this particular painting by Millet in Paris in the late 1700s.  
Student  
Yeah. Although Millet was a realist painter, and Van Gogh a post-impressionist, the two paintings still share lots of features, not just the name. The most striking shared feature has got to be the amazing light effects. I am excited to go see it. But one other thing ...  
Professor   
Uh-huh.  
Student  
I was thinking about getting a head start on my next assignment while I am at the gallery in Connecticut, the assignment on miniatures. They have a lot of miniature portraits of children as part of their permanent collection.  
Professor  
American miniatures?  
Student  
Yeah. So I figured I could also get started on that essay, study a few while I am there. I’d focus on the meaning of the objects that some of the children are holding, some are holding flowers, one child has a rattle, another a toy violin...  
Professor  
That would be fine. Uh, those objects...we call them attributes. The attributes chosen to be included in a particular miniature was often meant to communicate parents’ hopes and dreams for their child. So I think you’ll learn a lot about how people viewed children at the time the miniature paintings were done.  
### TPO30 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an astronomy class.  
Professor  
There’s been a lot of talk recently about life on Mars, at the level of microorganisms anyway, mainly because of a few important discoveries and inventions.  
For example, one major discovery was that at one point water was present on Mars. How do we know? Well, in 2004, an exploration robot discovered jarosite there.  
Jarosite is a yellowish brown mineral with a crystalline structure that’s also found on Earth. It contains iron, potassium and hydroxide. The interesting thing is that on Earth at least it needs highly acidic water to form. So we’ve got water or had it at one point. And since most planetary scientists believe that water is essential to life, the presence of jarosite means that one prerequisite for life was once present on Mars.  
But there’s another thing about jarosite. One step in its formation on Earth involves microorganisms; they actually speed up the formation of jarosite dramatically. Now, theoretically it is possible for jarosite to form without the help of biological life forms. But we don’t really know for sure if this happens ‘cause... well, because every corner of Earth has some form of biological life.  
But jarosite on Earth incorporates all kinds of microorganisms into its crystalline structure. So it’s possible that if the jarosite on Mars was also formed with the help of microorganisms, we might be able to detect remnants of them in the samples we find. And we have instruments now that will enable us to try to do this. For example, there’s a new instrument called the micro-fabricated organic analyzer, or M.O.A.  
The organic analyzer is an amazing tool. It will be able to collect soil samples and analyze them right there on Mars, pure, untouched samples. It will let us eliminate the risk we would take of contaminating the samples if they were brought back to Earth. And what they’ll look for specifically in the soil is amino acids.  
Amino acids, as you may know, are the building blocks of proteins. In fact, there are twenty standard amino acids involved in making proteins and lots more that aren’t.  
And here’s the important thing. Amino acids are what we call handed. They can exist in two forms, which are mirror images of each other like hands. Right and left hands have the same number of fingers in the same order plus one thumb. But right and left hands are not the same; they are mirror images. Well, like hands, amino acids can be right or left-handed. And the twenty that make up the proteins on Earth are all left-handed.  
Now, one reason the M.O.A., the organic analyzer is so impressive is that it tests not just for the presence of amino acids but also for the handedness of amino acids. If amino acids are found, it would be especially interesting if they show a prevalence of one type of handedness, either left, like amino acids on Earth, or right.  
See, other physical processes in space, processes that don’t involve living organisms, can create amino acids. But the ones synthesized through abiotic processes, which is to say not involving microorganisms, occur in equal numbers of right- and left-handed.  
So, a prevalence of left-handed amino acids would indicate they were biological in origin, which would be amazing! A prevalence of right-handed ones...well, that would be really amazing!! Because the organisms that created them would be unlike anything we have on Earth, which produce only left-handed ones.  
### TPO30 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a music history class. The professor has been discussing music of the twentieth century.  
Professor  
And what instrument comes to mind when you think of rock ‘n’ roll?  
Student  
The electric Guitar?  
Professor  
Exactly. I think it’s fair to say that the sound of the electric guitar typifies the rock ‘n’ roll genre, which became popular in the 1950s. But really the instrument we know today was the result of a continuing development that started for our practical purposes in the 1920s.  
But long before that even, people were experimenting with ways to modify traditional acoustic guitars. The first guitars were wooden. This is the Spanish guitar and the strings were made from animal products. Then came steel strings. And that led to the lap guitar, which is also called the steel guitar because the player slides a steel rod up and down the neck. And those are all acoustic guitars. OK?  
But then eventually we have electric guitars. Over the years, many inventors and musicians contributed to the design of these instruments. And each design was intended to alter the sound in some way, at first at least with the electric guitar, to make it louder.  
So let’s get back to when the steel guitar was first introduced in the United States. It was right after the Spanish-American war in the late 1890s. US sailors who were stationed in Hawaii—then a US territory—were very enamored with the music they heard there. Uh, Hawaiian music was based on the steel guitar I just described. Some sailors learned how to play the steel guitar and brought it home to the States. Before long, Hawaiian steel guitar music was all the rage in the mainland US. It actually had a strong influence on the development of several musical genres, rock ‘n’ roll most notably, but also jazz and blues.  
Anyway, by the 1920s, with the advent of the public dance movement, people were gathering in large groups to listen to steel guitar music. But they had trouble hearing it, especially in large public settings. As I mentioned, the instrument was played horizontally, on the lap. Since the strings faced upward, the sound was projected toward the ceiling rather than outward toward the audience. Something had to be done, because the music venues and the audience kept getting larger and larger. So what would you do?  
Student  
Find a way to amplify the sound?  
Professor  
Yes. And to do that, inventors started attaching electronic devices, electrical coils to the acoustic guitars. And the electronics worked! But attaching electronics didn’t just affect how loudly you could play. It also changed the quality of the sound. These early electric guitars were hollow and these early amplifiers caused vibrations in the bodies of the instruments. So as the sound got louder, it became more distorted, fuzzy-sounding. And what musicians at the time wanted was a pure, clean sound.  
Student  
So where does Les Paul fit in? Wasn’t he the first to electrify acoustic guitars?  
Professor  
Uh...no. Electrified guitars already existed by the time Les Paul came into the picture around 1940. What Paul did was experiment with ways of removing the distortions and he succeeded. He designed a guitar with a solid body that relied solely on electronics. Paul’s solid body eliminated the vibrations, and thus the distortions.  
Student  
Excuse me. But when I think of electric guitar music, I think of Jimi Hendrix.  
Professor  
Jimi Hendrix, one of my favorites.  
Student  
But Hendrix’s style really was all about distortion, that’s what’s so great about his music, all those special effects. I think a lot of rock ‘n’ roll fans prefer that to a pure sound.  
Professor  
Yeah. You are getting ahead of me here. But good, because the point I was going to make is that the sound of rock ‘n’ roll changed over the years. And the designs and technology of electric guitars made those changes possible.  
So whereas Les Paul’s goal was to remove the distortion, later musicians wanted to produce it. And by the time Jimi Hendrix came around. Well, essentially, Hendrix reinvented the electric guitar, in the sense that he created amazing effects and vibrations that changed the sound of rock ‘n’ roll completely. So eventually, people tried to improve on Les Paul’s model, well, to modify it I should say.  
### TPO31 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a conversation between a student and her United States History professor.  
Professor  
So, Amanda, you've asked a lot of questions about trade during the colonial period of the United States. Has our discussion clarified things for you?  
Student  
Well, yeah, but now, I think writing about trade for my paper isn't going to work.  
Professor  
Oh, so your questions about shipping routes were for your research paper?  
Student  
Yeah. But now, I see that I probably need to come up with a new paper topic. Actually, there was one other idea I had. I have been thinking about doing something about community planning in the early British settlements in Eastern North America.  
Professor  
Oh, OK. I am curious. Why are you interested in doing something on community planning in colonial times?  
Student  
Well, I am much more into architecture. lt's my major and I mean, planning out a town or city goes along with that. I mean, not that I don't like history ... l am interested in history ... really interested ... But I think, you know, for a career, architecture is more for me.   
Professor  
That's great. l've gotten some very thought-provoking papers from students whose interests go beyond history.  
Student  
OK. But for the paper you wanted us to try to include a comparison, right?  
Professor  
Yes. Actually, that was really the purpose of the assignment. The way the United States developed or perhaps I should say the colonies, since the land that would become the Eastern United States... uh... there were British colonies there four hundred years ago. But anyway... uh... development in the colonies differed greatly depending on geography. I am looking for papers that have ideas about something that happened one way in the Northern colonies happened a different way in the Southern colonies.  
Student  
Is that true in terms of urban planning?  
Professor  
Very true. Towns in the Northern colonies were centralized and compact. They provided a meeting point for exchanging goods, for participatory government, and for practicing religion. Houses would be built along the roads that led into town. And just outside the developed area, there would usually be an open field of some sort for grazing animals and also group activities. Actually, the model for planning a town in the Northern colonies was not unlike the model for the development of towns in medieval Europe. After all, the colonists had just come from Europe and the medieval period was just ending.  
Student  
Medieval Europe. But what about the South? If I remember correctly... In the South, at least initially, they didn't build towns so much as they built trading posts.  
Professor  
That's right. Most of the settlers in the North wanted to start a whole new life. But most of the people who came from Europe to the South just wanted to make some money and then go back. It is not surprising that some of most common buildings were storage facilities and port facilities.  
### TPO31 L2  
Listen to part of a lecture in a music class.  
Professor  
Today we are going to do something a little different. In the past few classes, we've listened to traditional music from around the world and we've talked about the characteristics of this music, what makes these styles distinctive, what kinds of instruments are used. And you've talked about what sounds familiar to you and what sounds strange. And many of you found some of what we've listened to very strange indeed.  
Well, today I want to start talking about western music and I am going to start in ancient Greece. But, now here's the part that's different. We're not going to talk very much about the actual music. Instead, we are going to talk about what the Greeks believed about music.  
Now, there are some very good reasons to approach the material in this way. First, well, we don't have very much ancient Greek music studied. Only about 45 pieces survived...uh...these are mostly records of poems and songs. And we are not sure how well we can reproduce the melodies or rhythms, because they were apparently improvised in many cases. So we really don't know all that much about what the music sounded like. What we do know about - and this really is the most important reason I am approaching today's lecture the way I am - is the Greek philosophy about music and its continuing influence on western attitudes toward music.  
Now, if we're going to understand the philosophy, we have to first understand that music for the Greeks was about much more than entertainment. Yes, there was music at festivals and we have sculptures and paintings showing people listening to music for many of the same reasons that we do. But this isn't the whole story. The important thing about music was that it was governed by rules, mathematical rules. And for those of you who are also studying music theory, you'll see that it is in fact highly mathematical. Um...and for the Greeks, the same mathematical principles that govern music also govern the universe as well as the human character, the essence of personality. People's characters were believed to be very sensitive to music. If you started playing around with the rules, you know, messing up the mathematical order, you could do serious harm. That's why music was considered so powerful. If you knew the rules, you could do great good.   
But if you broke them, you could do great harm to the character of the listener. So, we have this Greek idea that music is directly related to human character and behavior. The philosopher, Plato, talks about this in the context of education. For Plato, music is an important element in education, but only the right kind of music. That means the kind of music that builds the kind of character a good citizen or a future leader would need. Yes. For Plato, there is a kind of music that instills the qualities of leadership, just as there is a kind of music that makes a person soft and weak. Now, Plato has very specific, very conventional kinds of music in mind. He is not fond of innovation. There were musicians in Plato's day who were experimenting with different melodies and rhythms. A definite no -no for Plato. He thinks that breaking with tradition leads to all sorts of social problems, serious problems, even the breakdown of the fabric of society. I am thinking back now to when I first started listening to rock 'n' roll and I remember my father saying it was a bad influence on us. I think he would have gotten along well with Plato.  
Anyway, I don't need to tell you what I think about Plato's ideas about innovation, do l? Though I have to say it's interesting that the same arguments against new music and art are still being made. Perhaps like the Greeks, we recognize, and maybe even fear the power of music.  
### TPO31 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a geology class.  
Professor  
As we've discussed, Earth's crust is made up of large plates that rest on a mantle of molten rock. These plates... uh...known as tectonic plates, support the continents and oceans. Over time, the tectonic plates move and shift, which moves the continents and the ocean floors too. Once it was understood how these plates move, it was possible to determine past movements of Earth's continents and how these slow movements have reshaped Earth's features at different times.  
OK. Well, as studying the movement of the plates can tell us about the location of the continents in the past, it can conceivably tell us about their location in the future too, right? So, in recent years, some geologists have used plate tectonic theory to make what they call geopredictions. Geopredictions are guesses about what Earth's surface might look like millions of years from now.  
So, we know how certain continents are currently moving. For example, the continents of Africa has been creeping north toward Europe. And Australia has been making its way north too, toward Asia. Does anyone know what's happening to the Americas? l...l think we've talked about that before. Lisa?  
Student  
They are moving westward, away from Europe and Africa. Right?  
Professor  
Right. And what makes us think then?  
Student  
The Atlantic Ocean floor is spreading and getting wider, so there is more ocean between the Americas and Europe and Africa.  
Professor  
OK. And why is it spreading?  
Student  
Well, the seafloor is split. There is a ridge, a mountain range that runs north and south there. And new rock material flows up from Earth's interior here, at the split, which forces the two sides of the ocean floor to spread apart, to make room for the new rock material.   
Professor  
Good. And that means, over the short term... uh... and by short term I mean 50 million years, that's a blink of the eye in geological time. Um... over the short term, we can predict that the Americas will continue to move westward, farther away from Europe, while Africa and Australia will continue to move northward.  
But what about over the long term? Say 250 million years or more. Well, over that length of time, forecasts become more uncertain. But lots of geologists predict that eventually all the continents, including Antarctica, will merge and become one giant land mass, a super continent, one researchers calling Pangaea Ultima, which more or less means the last super continent.  
Now, how that might happen is open to some debate. Some geologists believe that the Americas will continue to move westward and eventually merge with East Asia. This hypothesis is based on the direction the Americas are moving in now. But others hypothesize that a new super continent will form in a different way. They think that a new subduction zone will might occur at the western edge of the Atlantic Ocean. Paul, can you remind us what a subduction zone is?  
Student  
Yeah. Um... basically, a subduction zone is where two tectonic plates collide. So if an ocean floor tectonic plate meets the edge of a continent and they push against each other, the heavier one sinks down and goes under the other one. So the...um...the oceanic plate is made of denser and heavier rock, so it begins to sink down under the continental plate and into the mantle.  
Professor  
Right. So the ocean floor would kind of slide under the edge of the continent. And once the ocean plate begins to sink, it would be affected by another force: slab pull. Slab pull happens at the subduction zone. So to continue our example, as the ocean floor plate begins to sink down into the mantle, it would drag or pull the entire plate along with it. So more and more of this plate, the ocean floor, would go down under the continent into the mantle. OK?  
So, as I said, currently the Atlantic Ocean floor is spreading, getting wider, but some researchers speculate that eventually a subduction zone will occur where the oceanic plate meets the continental plate of the Americas. If that happens, slab pull could draw the oceanic crust under the continent, actually causing the Americas to move eastward toward Europe and the ocean floor to get smaller. That is, the Atlantic Ocean would start to close up, narrowing the distance between the eastern edge of the Americas and Europe and Africa. So they form a single super continent.  
### TPO31 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and an employee at the university enters for off- campus study.  
Student  
Hi. I am Tom Arnold. I am supposed to pick up a packet from the regional center for marine research. I am doing an internship there this summer.  
Employee  
Yes. I have it right here. The mail carrier dropped it off a few minutes ago.  
Student  
Thanks. Um, wanted to ask about getting credits for the internship. I don't know if...  
Employee  
I might be able to help you with that. Is there a problem?  
Student  
I just wanted to make sure the details have been corrected. The system should show that I am registered to earn four credits. But as of Friday,Nothing was showing up yet. I was told it would be fixed this morning.  
Employee  
Well,I can check on the computer for you. Tom Arnold,right?  
Student  
Yes.  
Employee  
Well,it is showing credits,but only three.  
Student  
Really? So now what? These all have to be finalized last week.  
Employee  
Well,yes. The course enrollment period ended last week. But since our office was supposed to get this straightened out for you before then,let me see what I can do.  
Uh,did the university give approval for you to earn four credits for this internship? Because the other students at the center for marine research are only getting three.  
Student  
Um,I am pretty sure those other students are doing the internship at the center's aquarium,taking classes in marine biology and then teaching visitors about the various displays. I am doing a special research internship with the center. We'll be collecting data on changes to the seafloor out in the open ocean.  
Employee  
Oh. That sounds quite advanced.  
Student  
Well,the internship requires me to have scuba diving certification and to be a senior oceanography student. I want to do advanced study in oceanography when I graduate. So I really want to get a sense of what real research is like.  
Employee  
I see. Now let's try and see if we can... Oh. OK. I see the problem. There are two kinds of internships listed here,regular and research. Yours is listed as regular so it is only showing three credits.  
Student  
Can you switch it?  
Employee  
Not yet. But it lists Professor Leonard as...  
Student  
She is in charge of all the internships.  
Employee  
She just needs to send an email so I have an official record. Then I can switch it. And that should solve everything.  
Student  
Great! And I know Professor Leonard is in her office this afternoon,so I can go there later. It will be such a relief to get all these paperwork completed.  
### TPO31 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a Marine Biology class.  
Professor  
We've been talking about the decline of coral reefs in tropical areas all over the world,um,how natural and man-made stresses are causing them to degrade,and in some cases,to die.  
So now let's focus on a specific example of a natural predator that can cause a lot of damage to coral reefs,the Crown of Thorns,or CoT starfish. The CoT starfish is found on coral reefs in the tropical Pacific Ocean and it eats coral. Now in small numbers,the starfish don't affect coral reefs dramatically. But periodically,starfish population explodes. And when that happens,the reefs can become badly damaged or even destroyed, something we are trying very had to prevent. For example, during the 1960s, there was an outbreak of CoT starfish in the Great Barrier Reef, off the east coast of Australia. Luckily,the CoT starfish population gradually declined on its own and the reefs recovered.  
But we were left wondering what cause the population to increase so suddenly? Well,over the years,we've come up with a few hypotheses. All still hotly debated. One hypothesis is that it's a natural phenomenon,that the starfish naturally undergo population fluctuations following particularly good spawning years.  
There are also several hypotheses that suggest some sort of human activities are partly responsible,like fishing. There are fish and snails that eat starfish,particularly the giant triton snail,which is the main predator of the starfish. These fish and snails have themselves experienced a decline in population because of overfishing by humans. So with a decline in starfish predators,the starfish population can increase.  
Another hypothesized human-related cause is fertilizer runoff. People use fertilizer for their crops and plants and a lot of it eventually makes its way from land into the seas. It's fertilizer,so it has a lot of nutrients. These nutrients have an effect on the starfish,because they cause an increase in the growth of phytoplankton. Phytoplankton are microscopic plants that grow in the ocean. Larval CoT starfish eat phytoplankton in their first month of life,so more fertilizer in the ocean means more phytoplankton,which means more starfish. Bad for the reefs.  
Now,the final hypothesis has to do with storm events. If some reefs are destroyed by storms,starfish population that inhabited those reefs would have to condense and concentrate on the reefs that are left. So this can cause a kind of mass feeding frenzy.  
So we have ideas,but no real answers. And because we aren't sure of the causes for starfish population increases,it's difficult to prevent them. I mean,some progress has been made. For example,new survey techniques have enabled us to detect population increases when the starfish are quite young,so we can be ready for them. But meaningful progress requires much better evidence about the cause.  
On the bright side,in all the research being done on causes,we have discovered something related to how starfish populations might affect coral reef diversity. We think that when reefs are damaged,after a few years,the fast-growing corals repopulate the areas. And these fast-growing species can grow over the slower-growing species of coral,denying them light and preventing them from recovery. However,the faster-growing species are the preferred food of the CoT starfish. So when an outbreak of CoT starfish occurs,they thin out the fast-growing coral and may give the slower ones a chance to reestablish. So without the outbreak,the diversity of coral would be reduced.  
### TPO31 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an anthropology class.  
Professor  
So now that we've discussed how people in ancient societies tamed animals like cows and chickens for food and other uses. I'd like to talk about an ancient culture that domesticated horses. It's the Botai people.  
The Botai culture thrived over 5000 years ago in central Asia,in what is now northern Kazakhstan. Pretty much all of what we know about the Botai comes from three archaeological sites. And we learned that the Botai were able to build large perennial villages,sometimes with hundreds of homes. We also found horse bones at these sites and these can be traced back to the time of the Botai settlements. The climate that the Botai culture lived in (laughing),it was harsh. And the Botai people,they didn't really seem to have much in the way of agriculture going on. So their whole economy was really based on horses. And because horses can withstand the tough climate, they can survive ice storms and they don't need heated barns, the Botai people could settle in one place and rely on the horses for food,clothing and transportation.  
Student  
So the Botai were the first to domesticate horses?  
Professor  
Well,we are pretty sure that horses were first domesticated a bit earlier,to the northwest,in the area that is now Ukraine and western Russia. It's quite possible that some of those people later migrated east to Kazakhstan.  
Student  
But what exactly tells us that these Botai people,that the horses in their area were really domesticated?  
Professor  
As with most ancient history,there is not much that we can be certain about. But we know there was a significant population of wild horses in that area. So there were plenty of opportunities for the Botai people to find horses to domesticate. We also know that horse milk was an important source of food for the Botai people. What? Milking a wild horse? Well,now that would be impossible,to milk a wild horse. And then,there's the. Oh. Yes? Eric.  
Student  
So you said last week that for some animals,like for dogs,there were physical changes taking place over the course of generations of dogs because of domestication. So can we tell from those horse bones if it was sort of the same for horses?  
Professor  
Actually,it wasn't. We know that horses have not changed a lot physically as a result of domestication. So those ancient horse bones don't tell us much about domestication. But,we've found that,um,we've found what maybe pens or corrals in the Botai settlements. And not too long ago,a new approach was used to find out if the Botai people were keeping horses. Soil samples from these pens or corrals show ten times the concentration of phosphorus.  
Student  
Um,phosphorus?  
Professor  
Yes. Phosphorus is a very significant indicator that horses,a large numbers of horses were being kept in the settlements. You see,horse manure,horse waste is rich in phosphorus and also nitrogen compared to normal soil. But nitrogen is an unstable element. It can be washed out when it rains or it can be released to the atmosphere,whereas phosphorus combines with calcium and iron,and can be preserved in the soil for thousands of years.  
The soil from the Botai settlement sites was found to have high concentrations of phosphorus and low nitrogen concentrations,which is important since it suggests that what we've got is really old,not something added to the soil more recently.  
Student  
Wait. So if horses have been there recently,there'd still be lots of nitrogen in the soil.  
Professor  
That's right. Yes? Karen.  
Student  
I just read an article. It said that one way to determine if there was an ancient fireplace at an archaeological site was to check the soil for phosphorus. So couldn't the phosphorus at the Botai sites just be from the frequent use of fireplaces?  
Professor  
You are absolutely right. However,when a fireplace leaves behind a lot of phosphorus in the soil,we'd also find an unusually high concentration of potassium. But the soil at the Botai settlements,it was found with relatively little potassium,which makes it far more likely that that the phosphorus came from horses. OK?  
Now,later on,people of the same region,northern Kazakhstan,started raising sheep and cattle. And that led to a more nomadic culture. Since sheep and cattle can't survive harsh climates,they needed to be taken south every winter. Moving around meant working harder but the trade off was far richer,fattier milk year round and warm clothing from the sheep.  
### TPO32 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a bookstore employee.  
Employee  
Hi. Can I help you?  
Student  
Yeah. I need to sell back a textbook. Are you the person I speak to about that?  
Employee  
I am. But we can’t buy textbooks back just yet, because the bookstore’s buyback period isn’t until next Thursday.  
Student  
I thought it started this week.  
Employee  
It is only in the last week of the semester after classes are over.   
Student  
Oh. Well, can you tell me if this book will be on the buyback list?   
Employee  
I can look. But we are still putting the list together. Professors have to tell us what books they’ll definitely need again next semester, and the deadline for them to let us know isn’t for a couple of days. So the list I have here is not really complete. Um...what class was the book for?  
Student  
Intro to economics, with Professor Murphy.  
Employee  
Professor Murphy. OK. I checked earlier and I know she hasn’t gotten back to us on that class yet. So we don’t know if she’ll use the same book next time. Usually if an updated edition of a textbook is available, professors will go for that one.  
Student  
Um...so if this book doesn’t end up on the buyback list, what can I do? I spent over a hundred dollars for it, and I want to get something back.  
Employee  
Well, if a professor didn’t assign it for a class here, we could buy back for a whole seller who would distribute it for sale at another university bookstore.  
Student   
OK.   
Employee  
Anyway...if Professor Murphy does put it on the list, it is important that you come in  
as early as possible next Thursday. There’s only a limited number of books we would buy back. Once we get the number of books we need for next semester, we would stop buying them.  
Student  
OK. So how much money will I get for the book?   
Employee  
Well, if it’s on the buyback list, we’ll pay fifty percent of what the new price was. But that also depends on what condition the book is in, so it needs to be cleaned up as much as possible.  
Student  
Cleaned up?  
Employee  
Because used books show wear and tear, you know, water stains, scruffy covers, yellow highlighting...You really need to make sure there are no pencil marks on the book. The price you can get for a text depends on the shape it’s in.   
Student  
You mean I have to erase all the pencil marks?  
Employee  
If you want the best price for it...  
Student  
And what if you decide the book is too beat-up and don’t buy it back?  
Employee  
That does happen. Hmm...well, one more thing you can try is to place an ad in the student newspaper to see if you can sell it directly to another student.  
### TPO32 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class.  
Professor  
One of the important aspects of the field of archaeology...one of the things that excites me about the field...is that seemingly insignificant things can suddenly change the way we think about a culture. We are always making new discoveries that have the potential to challenge widely held beliefs.  
Take something like the banana, for example. It turns out that this ordinary fruit may be forcing scientists to rewrite major parts of African history! We know the bananas were introduced to Africa via Southeast Asia. And until recently, we thought we knew when they were introduced—about 2,000 years ago. But discoveries in Uganda, that’s in Eastern Africa, are throwing that into question. Scientists studying soil samples there discovered evidence of bananas in sediment that was 5,000 years old!  
Now, let me explain that it’s not easy to find traces of ancient bananas. The fruit is soft and doesn’t have any hard seeds that might survive over the ages. So after 5,000 years, you might think there would be nothing left to study. Well, fortunately for archaeologists, all plants contain what are called phytoliths in their stems and leaves. Phytoliths are microscopic structures made of silica, and they do not decay. When plants die and rot away, they leave these phytoliths behind. Because different plants produce differently shaped phytoliths, scientists can identify the type of plant from ancient remains.  
So, those scientists in Uganda, dug down to sediments that were 5,000 years old. And what do you think they found? Banana phytoliths! Obviously this meant that we had to rethink our previous notions about when bananas first arrived in Africa. But, well, this discovery had other implications for history.  
As soon as bananas appear in the archaeological record, we know we have contact between Africa and Southeast Asia. It would appear now that this contact occurred much earlier than previously thought.  
Al...although...now here’s where the uncertainty comes in...we don’t really have any solid evidence of trade between the peoples of these two regions that long ago. Presumably, if people were bringing bananas to Africa, they’d also be bringing other things too: pottery, tools...all sorts of objects made for trade or daily use. But any such evidence is missing from the archaeological record.  
The early appearance of bananas also suggests that agriculture began in this part of Africa earlier than scientists imagined. You see, bananas, at least the edible kind, can’t grow without human intervention. They have to be cultivated. People need to plant them and care for them. So if bananas were present in Uganda 5,000 years ago, we would have to assume...that...that...that someone planted them.   
But, there are questions about this too. We know that bananas can be a staple food that can support large populations, as they did in Uganda in the more recent past. If bananas were grown thousands of years ago, why don’t we see evidence of large populations thriving in the area earlier?  
So, we are left with this mystery. We have what appears to be strong biological evidence that bananas were being cultivated in Uganda as early as 5,000 years ago. But we are missing other kinds of evidence that would conclusively prove that this is so.  
Clearly, more research needs to be done. Perhaps by some young scholar from this university? At least give it some thought.  
### TPO32 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a biology class.  
Student  
Professor, since we are going to talk about changes in animal populations in the wild, I’d like to ask about something I read in an article online, about how the population size of some animal species can affect other animal species, and how other environmental factors come into play too.  
Professor  
Right. Relationships between animal species in a given ecosystem can get pretty complex. Because in addition to predator-prey relationships, there are other variables that affect population size.  
Student  
The article mentioned that populations of predators and their prey might go up rapidly and then decline all of a sudden. Student  
Oh. Yeah! I read about that in my ecology class. It happens in cycles. I think that’s called a boom-and-bust cycle. Right?  
Professor  
OK. Well, hold on a second. First I want to go over some key concepts. Let’s say there was a species that had access to plenty of food and ideal conditions. Under those circumstances, its population would increase exponentially, meaning it would increase at an ever-accelerating pace.  
Student  
Wow! That sounds a little scary.   
Professor  
Well, it doesn’t usually happen. Like you said, a rapid population growth is often followed by a sudden decline. But we do occasionally see exponential growth in nonnative species when they are transplanted into a new environment. Um...because they face little competition and have favorable growing conditions.  
But for most species, most of the time, resources are finite. There’s only so much available...which leads me to my point. Every ecosystem has what we call a carrying capacity. The carrying capacity is the maximum population size of a species that can be sustained by the resources of a particular ecosystem. Resources are, of course, food, water, and just as important, space.  
Although every species has a maximum rate at which the population of that species could increase, assuming ideal conditions for the species in its environment. There are always going to be environmental factors that limit population growth. This is called environmental resistance. Environmental resistance is important because it stops populations from growing out of control. Factors such food supply, predation and disease affect population size, and can change from year to year or season to season.  
Student  
OK. I think I get it.  
Professor  
Well, let’s look at a case study. That should make things clear. Some years ago, some of my colleagues conducted an experiment in an oak forest involving three different species: white-footed mice, gypsy moths and oak trees.   
OK. Now let me explain what the situation is in this forest. Oak trees produce acorns, and acorns are a primary food source for white-footed mice. Another food source for the white-footed mice is the gypsy moth. So the size of the gypsy moth population is controlled by the white-footed mice, which is a good thing because gypsy moth caterpillars are considered pests. They strip away the leaves from the oak trees every ten years or so.  
Student  
So the mice eat both acorns from the oak trees and gypsy moths. And the gypsy moth caterpillars eat oak tree leaves.  
Professor  
Right. Now, what makes this set of relationships particularly interesting is that oak trees only produce a large number of acorns every few years.  
Student  
So during the years with fewer acorns, the white-footed mice have to deal with a smaller food supply.  
Professor  
Yes. But in the years with large amounts of acorns, the mice have more food, which leads to...?  
Student  
The white-footed mice population growing.   
Professor  
And the gypsy moth population decreasing.   
Student  
How can we know that for sure? It seems like a big jump from more acorns to fewer gypsy moths.  
Professor  
Well, we can know for sure because in this oak forest, the researchers decided to test the links between acorns and the two animal species. In some parts of the forest, they had volunteers drop a large number of extra acorns on the forest floor. And in another section of the forest, they removed a number of white-footed mice. In the forest areas where extra acorns had been dropped, the gypsy moth population soon went into a significant decline. But in the section of the forest where the white-footed mice had been removed, the gypsy moth population exploded.  
### TPO32 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and an anthropology professor.  
Professor  
So how was the field trip to the Nature Center yesterday? You are in that biology class, aren’t you?  
Student  
Yeah. I am. The trip was amazing. We took a hike through the woods and our guide pointed out all kinds of animal and plant species. She could identify every bird, every tree...I have to tell you. I was very impressed with her knowledge.  
Professor  
I am glad to hear you enjoyed the trip. Student  
Well, I am interested in getting an advanced degree in forestry after I graduate from here. So I love all this stuff. And actually, yesterday’s trip got me thinking about my research paper for your class.  
Professor  
Wonderful! Tell me more.  
Student  
So our guide was talking about how the human need for resources had shaped the environment. And I just assumed that the human impact on the environment was always destructive.  
Professor  
Ah...but that’s not necessarily true.   
Student  
Yeah. That’s what she was telling us. She said there’s archaeological evidence that some prehistoric cultures relied heavily on dead wood for fuel, or...um...just cut off some of the branches of trees instead of killing the whole tree.  
Professor  
It is so funny you mentioned that. I was just reading an article about an archaeological site in Turkey where scientists found evidence that ancient people had been harvesting the branches from pistachio and almond trees.   
Of course, when you prune these trees, cutting off just the branches like that, you are actually encouraging more growth! And you end up with a bigger crop of nuts. So this was a pretty smart strategy for collecting wood.  
Student  
See, that’s what I’d like to write about. I want to look at ancient methods of wood harvesting that didn’t result in the destruction of the whole forest.  
Professor  
Hmm...so you want to write your entire paper on wood harvesting?  
Student  
Is...is that a problem?   
Professor  
Well, it’s certainly a timely topic. Researchers are investigating this now. Uh...it’s just that...well...I am not sure how it fits with the assignment. Remember you are supposed to be focusing on a particular culture or region.  
Student  
Yeah. Um...actually I was planning on writing about the wood harvesting practices of the people who lived here. You know, the Native Americans who were living in this area and what that might tell us about how they lived.  
Professor  
OK. Well, that’s a possibility. I just want to make sure you can find enough  
information on that topic to write a well-developed paper. I’d like you to get started on your research right away. Maybe even talk to that nature guide and show me what information you can find. Then we can talk about whether or not your topic will work.  
### TPO32 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an earth science class. The professor is discussing an area of the United States called the Copper Basin.  
Professor  
Now, you may not have heard of the Copper Basin. It’s in the Eastern United States, in the Tennessee River Valley. It got its name because settlers discovered copper there in 1843. And soon afterwards, it supported one of the largest metal mining operations in America. At one time, four mining companies employed 2500 workers in the Copper Basin. For that time period, it was a huge operation.  
Well, this mining operation turned the Copper Basin into a desert. In the 1840s, when mining operations started, it was a dense green forest. But in the 1940s, 100 years later, it was as barren as the moon.  
Efforts to reclaim the land and restore the basin to the fertile valley it once was...well, actually, those efforts are still ongoing. It’s been a long and tedious process. In fact, it was many years before any results were seen. Copper mining had gone on there for more than 90 years! The damage couldn’t be reversed overnight.  
Although I should mention that by 1996, the water in one of the rivers flowing through the basin was clean enough that it was the site of the Olympic whitewater kayaking competition. And that river is still used now for recreation.  
But...anyway...let’s analyze the problem. It wasn’t the mining itself that caused such massive destruction. It was what happened after the copper ore was extracted from the mines. It was a process called heap roasting.  
Copper ore contains sulfur. And heap roasting was a way to burn away the sulfur in the copper, so they’d be left with something closer to pure copper. Well, in the process, large vats of raw copper ore are burned slowly, for two or three months actually, to lower the sulfur content. And this burning, well...let’s look at the results.  
First, the mines were fairly remote, so there was no way to bring coal or other fuel to keep the fires going. So they cut down local trees for fuel. And like I said, the fires burned for months. Uh...that’s a lot of fires and a lot of trees. Deforestation was occurring at a rapid rate. And it was accelerated by the smoke from the burning ore. Big clouds of sulfuric smoke, which was toxic to the trees, formed over the areas. Trees that hadn’t been cut for fuel were killed by the fumes.  
The sulfur also mixed with the air and created sulfur dioxide. And the sulfur dioxide settled in the clouds fell to the land in droplets of rain and sank into the soil. This is what we now call acid rain. You’ve probably heard of it. But no one used the term back then. Anyway...the acid rain created highly acidic soil. Well, soon the soil became so acidic that nothing could grow, nothing at all. Vegetation and wild life disappeared.  
And it wasn’t just the land and the air, it was the water too. What do you think happen to the rivers? Well, there are no trees to absorb the rain, and there was a lot of rain! So the rain eroded the soil and swept it into the rivers. This is called silting, when soil particles are washed into the rivers. And the silting continued at an alarming rate. But this was toxic soil and toxic runoff, the acid and metals in the soil made the once clear rivers flow bright orange.  
So it was really that one step in the process of producing copper...the problems just built up and up until there was a desert where a beautiful forest used to be.  
OK. Now let’s look at reforestation and land reclamation efforts.  
### TPO32 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an architectural history class.  
Professor  
So last week we started our unit on residential architecture in the United States. So today we’ll be surveying a number of architects who made contributions to residential architecture in the 19th century.  
Now, it’s worth noting that people who designed homes at that time probably had to deal with a certain amount of discouragement. Since there were other architects who thought it was more respectable to design the kind of buildings...and maybe other structures...that were less...less utilitarian in their function. In fact, an article from an 1876 issue of a journal called The American Architect and Building News stated that, and this is a quote, they stated that “the planning of houses isn’t architecture at all”!  
So keep that journal article in mind as we look at the work of an architect named Harriet Morrison Irwin. Harriet Morrison Irwin was from the South, born in North Carolina in 1828. At the time, there weren’t many architects from the southern United States. And as you might imagine, very few of them were women. So Irwin was really a pretty exceptional case. And she wasn’t even formally trained as an architect. Her educational background was in literature. Yes, Vicky?  
Student  
So she just had like...unnatural gift for architecture?   
Professor  
Yes. She was actually a writer for several years. But she did have a penchant for math and engineering, so she read a lot about it on her own. Um...especially the architectural essays written by the British critic – John Ruskin. And John Ruskin believed what?  
Student  
Um...that buildings should have a lot of access to the outdoors, to nature. Ruskin said that being close to nature was great for people’s mental and physical health.  
Professor  
Right! So that was an influence. Now, Harriet Irwin’s contribution to architecture was relatively minor but still quite interesting and unique. She designed a house with a hexagonal shape. Josh?  
Student  
A house with six sides? Instead of the standard, you know, four-sided home? Professor  
Yeah. The rooms inside the house were also hexagonal, six-sided. So one important thing was that the rooms were arranged around a chimney in the center of the house, which could provide heat for the whole house through flues, uh, small air passageways into each room, as opposed to having a fireplace in every room, which would require more cleaning and make the air inside the house dirtier.  
The house’s shape also allowed for more windows. Each room had a large wall that could fit a couple of big winters, giving every room a nice view of the outdoors.  
Student  
Plus there would be good airflow through the house.  
Professor  
Yes. In warm weather when you can open all the windows. Good.  
The doors to the house as well...uh...the house didn’t have a main entrance or any hallways. So there could be a couple of entry doors in different places, which like the windows, provided ready access to the outdoors.  
So, what other advantages might there be to hexagonal rooms?  
(Pause...no response)  
OK. Think about cleaning. What part of a room is usually the hardest to clean? Like...to sweep with a broom.  
Student  
Oh! The corners. Because in square or rectangular rooms, the corners are at 90 degree angles. It’s hard to reach all the dust that gathers in the corners. But if Irwin’s rooms were closer to a circle than a square, it would be easier to reach all the dust and dirt with a broom. Right?  
Professor  
Exactly. Now, um...biographers who wrote about Irwin in the 19th century, I feel, sort of downplayed the ingenuity of her design. But I think if she had designed this house today, the same biographers would praise her for coming up with a floor plan that emphasized function, efficient function of a house, as well as a design that’s creative and unique.  
In any cases, three houses were built in Irwin’s time that used her hexagonal design. And in 1869, when she was 41, Irwin became the first woman in the United States to receive a patent for an architectural design. And that speaks volumes if you ask me.  
### TPO33 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and a university employee.  
Student  
Hi. I am a little lost. Um, is this the housing maintenance office?  
Employee  
You found it. How can I help you?  
Student  
Oh, good. I have a quick question. Are we allowed to keep electric heaters in our rooms?  
Employee  
Actually, you are not. What’s going on? Your room cold?   
Student  
It’s freezing in my room. I think the heat went out or something.   
Employee  
Are you sure it’s out? Maybe it just got turned out too far.   
Student  
Oh, no. I tried adjusting the, uh, the heat control, but it doesn’t make any difference. It’s so cold in my bedroom I can’t sleep at night. I’ve actually been sleeping on the sofa in the front room. The heat still works in there. Actually, we get hot air in all the bedrooms except ours.  
Employee  
Wow! Do you have a roommate?  
Student  
Yeah. But she said she isn’t bothered by the cold. But on the sofa, I am kept up by the noise out in the hall. The dorms can sometimes get pretty noisy. So what can be done about it?  
Employee  
Well, OK. There’s a couple of things we can do. I can have a custodian take a look at it and see if he can do something.  
Student  
Actually, I asked the custodian yesterday to take a look. But he said he couldn’t find anything wrong. He said that some of the other rooms have lost heat also and that if we’d come here you guys would fix it.  
Employee  
Oh, he did? That’s weird, because I would have...well, the custodians themselves are usually supposed to report any problems right away. OK. In that case, then what you need to do is...here, fill out this form.  
Student  
I have to fill out a form?   
Employee  
Yeah, but at least that’ll put your heater problem in a work order for the maintenance crew and they’ll get to you as soon as possible. Just so you know, because it’s not winter yet and it’s not as cold as it could be, it may take a few days for a crew to get to you.  
Student  
A few days? I can’t even sleep in my own room! Can’t we just get an electric heater?   
Employee  
I am sorry. But students just aren’t allowed. OK. I can see that this is a problem, and not just with your room. So if you can get the form back to me this afternoon, I’ll try to get a maintenance crew to look at your problem by tomorrow. How’s that?  
Student  
Oh, that would be great. Seriously. I have to take off now. But when I fill this form out, I give it to you, right?  
Employee  
Right. And if I am not here, just put it in my box and I’ll get it.  
### TPO33 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class.  
Professor  
The Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt might be the most famous building in the world. We know exactly when it was built. Construction started in 2547 B.C.E., about 4500 years ago. We know who had it built. That was the pharaoh Khufu. We know who oversaw its construction—the pharaoh’s brother. We know so many things about it, but the funny thing is: we still don’t know exactly how it was built.  
This picture will give you an idea of the size of the Pyramid and the size of the blocks it’s made out of. About two million stone blocks were used to build the Great Pyramid and they are incredibly massive. The average weight is two and a half tons.  
The problem that has puzzled scholars for centuries is how were these blocks lifted up the height of this massive structure and then fit into place and without the benefit of modern technology. Of course, there’ve been a lot of theories over the centuries.   
The oldest recorded one is by the Greek historian Herodotus. He visited Egypt around 450 B.C.E., when the Pyramid was already 2000 years old. His theory was that cranes were used, much like we use cranes today to construct tall buildings. And Herodotus may have seen Egyptians using cranes made of wood. But the problem with this theory has to do with simple mechanics. A crane needs a wide and sturdy base to stand on or it will fall over. Well, as you get toward the top of the Pyramid, there’s really no place for a crane to stand. The stone blocks are too narrow to provide a base. Well, so much for that theory.  
The next one has to do with the use of a ramp that would allow workers to drag a stone block up the side of the structure. Of course the ramp can’t be too steep. It has to have a long gentle slope. And that’s the problem. If you build a ramp with a slight slope up to the top of a Pyramid that’s over 130 meters high, it would have to be almost two kilometers long. Well, the Pyramid is built on a flat area called the Giza Plateau. The Plateau is simply not big enough to accommodate a two-kilometer-long ramp.  
OK. So what now? Well, if you’ve ever driven on a mountain road, you’d know that it has a lot of twists and turns and bends in it because that’s how engineers keep the road from having to be too steep. So why not wrap the ramp around the Pyramid? Building the ramp around it as you go. Sounds like a pretty good idea. Except it’s got a serious problem. See...one of the most remarkable things about the Great Pyramid is how accurate the proportions are. The dimensions are almost perfect. To get that perfection, the engineers must have had to measure it repeatedly during construction. And the way you’d measure it is from the four corners of the base. Well, if you got a ramp spiraling up from the base of the Pyramid, those corners would be buried by that ramp during construction.  
Well, who says the ramp has to be on the outside of the Pyramid? And now we get to the latest idea. If the ramp were on the inside of the Pyramid, the corners at the base would be exposed so the engineers could do their measurements while they were building.  
Well, an architect named Houdin has spent a few years working on making computer models of the building of the Pyramid. And what Houdin believes is that an exterior straight ramp was used to construct the bottom third of the Pyramid, this ramp would have been fairly short. It probably rose less than 50 meters. Then the rest of the Pyramid was constructed using an internal ramp that spiraled around the inside of the Pyramid.   
But how can we test this idea? Well, there are several ways to look inside the Pyramid. One is called microgravimetry. Microgravimetry is a technique that’s used to detect voids inside a structure. You can then take the data and generate an image that shows any empty spaces in the interior. Well, in 1986, French scientists completed a microgravimetric survey of the Pyramid. And one of the images they produced showed an empty spiral-shaped space inside it. The shape of that space corresponds exactly to what Houdin thought the ramp would look like. I think Herodotus would be convinced. We might very well be at the end of centuries of guessing.  
### TPO33 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an environmental science class.  
Professor  
I’d like to continue with the topic of managing water resources, but I want to focus on a particular case. Uh, um, an example of water management that’s made us reconsider the methods we use when we make these decisions. So let’s look at what’s happening in the Colorado River basin.  
The Colorado River basin is a region in the Southwest United States. Seven states rely on the Colorado’s water. And as you can imagine, as the populations of these states began to grow, it became clear that a system to distribute, uh, to make sure each state got its fair share of water...some kind of system had to be created. And in 1922, a water-sharing agreement was made. Elizabeth, you have a question?  
Student  
Well, how exactly do you figure out how to share a river? I mean, you can’t...like cut it up into pieces.  
Professor  
Well, let’s start with the first step. And that’s trying to figure out how much water on average flows through the river each year. Now, researchers had started gathering data on water flow back in the late 1890s using instruments they placed in the river. When the 1922 water-sharing agreement was made, there were about twenty years of data on water flow available. The average annual flow was calculated. And, well, the agreement was based on that calculation. The same basic agreement is in effect today.   
Student  
Wait! That was all the data they had? And they based their decision on that? Professor  
Yes. And we’ll why that was a bad decision in a moment. OK. As decades passed, it became clear that measuring river flow was much more complicated than we had thought. See...a river has periods of low flow and periods of high flow. And this wasn’t taken into consideration when the 1922 agreement was made. In the 1970s, the population of the area was rising while the amount of water flowing through the river seemed to be falling. By this time, we had...what? A hundred years of recorded data to look at? That’s still a pretty short time for an ancient river.  
To get more data, we looked at a different source—a source that was able to tell us about hundreds of years of the river’s history—tree rings. OK. Let me explain.  
You probably know that we can determine a tree’s age by counting the rings on a cross section of its trunk. Each ring represents one year of the tree’s life. So if you know the year the tree was cut, you can count inwards and date each ring all the way back to the center. You can also tell how much moisture the tree got during each of those years by looking at the width of the rings. A wide ring means plenty of water while a narrow one indicates less.   
Fortunately for us, certain areas of the Colorado River basin are home to some very old trees, some 800 years old and older. Researchers can drill core samples, uh, basically get a cross section of a tree without having to kill it, look at the rings and get a picture of what the climate was like in the basin for each of the tree’s years.  
Well, the results tell us something we wouldn’t have known without this data, that over the past 500 years or so, the Colorado River basin has experienced severe droughts, some worse than any we’ve ever recorded. They also showed that the early to mid-1900s, when most of the data that led to the water-sharing agreement was collected...well, this was the wettest period in the past 400 years. Well, obviously, had water management officials known then what we know now, the 1922 agreement would have been handled differently.  
But today we can use the past to help prepare us for the future. With the demand for water in the basin stays increasing and with the real likelihood of lower flows in the river, if history is our teacher, we can develop innovative methods of water conservation and reevaluate how water is distributed.  
### TPO33 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and his biology professor.  
Student  
Professor Landrea.  
Professor  
Hi, Dennis. You are right on time. Come on in and have a seat.   
Student  
Great! Thanks.  
Professor  
So like I told you in class, I just wanted to take a few minutes to meet with everyone to make sure your class presentations for next week are all in order and coming along well. And as you know, you are supposed to report on some area of recent research in genetics, something...you know...original.  
Student  
Well, I think I found just the thing! It actually occurred to me a couple nights ago while I was eating dinner in the cafeteria. Tell me professor, do you like broccoli?  
Professor  
Broccoli? You mean the vegetable broccoli?   
Student  
Yeah.  
Professor  
Well, I guess not really.   
Student  
Me neither. I have never liked it or most other vegetables for that matter...Brussels sprouts, asparagus, cauliflower...you name it. They just taste bitter and...well...nasty to me. My mother always called me a picky eater.  
Professor   
OK...And?   
Student  
And so I got to wondering: I mean, I am obviously not the only person like this. So is this just because of some...like trauma from our childhoods? Some bad experience we’ve had with some vegetables? Or could there be some genetic explanation for why some people are picky eaters and others aren’t?  
Professor  
OK. I see. Well, I suppose it’s a possibility.   
Student  
Actually, it turns out it’s more than a possibility. I started doing some research in the library that night and I found out that a biologist at the National Institutes of Health has been looking at that very question recently.  
Professor  
Well, I guess that’s not too surprising. And this is great stuff actually. So what’s the verdict?  
Student  
Well, this guy seems to have discovered a particular gene that actually makes it possible for people to taste the bitterness in certain green vegetables. But people who have a mutation in that gene cannot taste the bitterness.  
Professor  
Well...that’s certainly fascinating! But...so this biologist is basically claiming that people who like to eat these vegetables actually have some sort of sensory deficit? Sort of makes us picky eaters than normal ones, doesn’t it? I mean, that’s kind of turning things on their head, isn’t it?  
Student  
Well...then again, it wouldn’t be the first time, would it? Think of it this way: humans originally needed to have a stronger sensitivity to bitter-tasting foods so they could learn what plants were good for them and which ones might be poisonous. But at some point, as people figured out what they could safely eat, this need became less crucial and a segment of the population lost that ability.  
Professor  
OK. Well, you make a compelling case. I can’t wait to hear more about this when you deliver your report.  
### TPO33 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a biology class.  
Professor  
Ways in which animals adapt to their environment are often quite ingenious actually. And as an example of this, let me tell you about a fish, a group of fish known as the Notothenioids. There’s over 90 known species of Notothenioids and they inhabit both shallow and very deep waters, mostly around Antarctica. Many are fairly small, though the largest species can weigh up to 150 kilograms.  
Notothenioids can be identified by their large eyes, which are covered by a thick insulating layer of clear tissue. This tissue protects their eyes from freezing.  
Remember, the freezing point of ocean water, salt water, is lower than for fresh water, negative 1.9 degree Celsius (-1.9°C). So it can get a lot colder for fish in an ocean, say, than in a river or lake. So this means that the ocean waters around Antarctica are cold enough to freeze most types of fish, but Notothenioids don’t freeze. In fact, they thrive. They account for some 95% of all fish in the southern ocean, the ocean that surrounds Antarctica.  
So, how unusual is that? To have a single family of fish dominating an entire ocean. I mean, think of...say, tropical or temperate marine environments, which have incredibly diverse fish populations. Coral reefs, for example, support over 4000 types of fish, along with sponges, crustaceans, and many other organisms.  
So, exactly when and how did the Notothenioids come to dominate the southern ocean?  
Well, around 30 million years ago, the waters around Antarctica were a lot warmer than they are today. Um...at that time, Antarctica was connected to South America, which means that warm air from the north could flow southward and heat up the Antarctica waters. Because the water around Antarctica then was relatively warm, it supported many types of fish. And we know this from fossil evidence.  
But the 90 or so species of Notothenioids that exist today didn’t exist at all back then. In fact, only one ancestral Notothenioid species existed. But somewhere between 5 million and 14 million years ago, two major changes took place.  
First, what we call a chance mutation. A tiny genetic change occurred in that one Notothenioid species. Its DNA allowed for the production of a special protein, a protein that prevents the fish from freezing. The way this...this anti-freeze protein works is: it binds to any ice crystals that form inside the fish. This binding action prevents the ice crystals from growing larger. And this is what prevents Notothenioids from freezing.  
Now, at that time, the waters the Notothenioids inhabited were still not freezing cold, so the protein didn’t really make a difference as far as the fish’s survival. But this would change, because in the same period of geologic time there was a shift in the earth’s continental plates. Continental drift caused Antarctica to move apart from the landmass of South America and to drift into the Southern Polar Region. This resulted in a powerful water current encircling Antarctica, which prevented the Antarctic waters from mixing with warmer water. So the southern ocean, isolated from that warm airflow from the north, cooled down drastically, to the kinds of sub-freezing temperatures we associate with it today.  
Now, most fish species couldn’t survive in this frigid environment and they became extinct. But that one Notothenioid species, with its unique ability to produce that anti-freeze protein, thrived. It had virtually the entire southern ocean to itself!  
So? Well, there was little or no competition for food or space. You might think of it as...um...as a...a kind of ecological vacuum. And the Notothenioids exploited fully.  
The species migrated into different habitats throughout the southern ocean. And its population increased dramatically, with various sub-populations migrating into different parts of the ocean. Over time these sub-populations in all those different habitats...well, they developed very different physical traits. They adapted to survive in their particular ecological niche, their...their position within a particular ecosystem.  
We call this type of species diversification within a species adaptive radiation. And what adaptive radiation is is: an evolutionary process by which a parent species rapidly undergoes changes resulting in various new species in order to fill multiple ecological niches. So in the case of the Notothenioids, that single species started colonizing empty habitats to such an extent that it evolved into a broad range of new species, the 90 or so Notothenioid species that we have today. So let me switch to adaptive radiation with regard to another species that’s also been very successful.  
### TPO33 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an art history class.  
Professor  
OK. We have been talking about the art and architecture of the Italian Renaissance, from around A.D. 1400 to around A.D. 1600. Last class, we had a look at some of the magnificent palaces and villas built during this time period. And just as class was ending, someone asked about the gardens associated with these palaces and villas. And so I’d like to say a few things about them before we move on.  
Now, when I say gardens, I don’t mean vegetable gardens or simple flower gardens. These were lavishly constructed, finely detailed gardens that covered hundreds of acres, with exotic plants and ornamental statues. And they were just as much a symbol of their owners’ social position as their palaces and villas were. Again, what was the inspiration for the Renaissance? Rebecca.  
Student  
Classical art and architecture of the ancient Greeks and Romans.   
Professor  
That’s right. As we’ve said before, the main point of the Renaissance was to revive the genius of the ancient Greeks and Romans, which is why designers of Renaissance gardens designed them as the ancient Romans would have designed them, or at least as they imagined the ancient Romans would have designed them.  
Student  
How did they know what ancient Roman gardens look like?   
Professor  
Well, they didn’t have any pictures. But they did have some very detailed descriptions of ancient Roman villas and their gardens that had been written by famous Roman authors who lived during the height of the Roman Empire. And at least three of those authors, one was a scholar, one was a poet, and one was lawyer, were very authoritative, very reliable sources.  
Ah...and interestingly enough, there was another source that didn’t describe classical gardens but still became a great influence on Renaissance gardens. It was also written back during the height of the Roman Empire by a mathematician known as Hero of Alexandria. Hero was a Greek. But he lived in Alexandria, Egypt, which was at the time part of the Roman Empire. Hero compiled descriptions and sketches of seventy some clever little mechanical devices, most of which utilized compressed air to cause water, or in some cases wine, to flow from one place to another, or sometimes to squirt or to make some kind of noise. Yes? John?  
Student  
Could you give an example?   
Professor  
Well, one of the devices was a sacrificial vessel that was obviously designed for a temple, not for a garden. Anyway, if you drop money into this vessel, water would flow out of it. Well, creative minds in the Renaissance realized that this little device could be nicely repurposed as a nifty little fountain. Designers of Renaissance gardens loved this sort of thing. They loved to incorporate novelties and tricks, things to amuse and impress guests.  
Student  
And that was the purpose? To impress people?   
Professor  
Sure. As a nobleman or wealthy landowner, one purpose of having a fabulous villa with a fantastic garden was to impress people. It was a way of proving your social position.  
Student  
Well...OK. You also mentioned tricks.  
Professor  
Well, for example, some gardens had plaster or marble birds that sang when water flowed through them. Some fountains were designed to squirt people with water.  
Student  
And these things were popular?   
Professor  
Yes. They may have been the most popular features of the gardens. I mean, flowers and statues can be nice to look at, but these things were a lot more fun. And the more clever the device is, the more famous the garden and the greater prestige the landowner enjoyed. Yes? Rebecca.  
Student  
What about mazes? I read that they were a major part of the Renaissance gardens.   
Professor  
Oh, yes. They certainly were! Mazes or labyrinths, as they’re also called, were very common in Renaissance gardens. How that came to be though is a bit of a mystery.  
Mazes have a long history going back to the ancient Egyptians, but they started appearing in gardens only during the Renaissance, or perhaps just a little bit prior to that. According to one source, what happened was: in the late 1400s, a highly respected expert published a book on architecture. And readers somehow mistakenly inferred from that book that ancient Romans had mazes in their gardens. So then designers of Renaissance gardens thinking they were following in the footsteps of the ancient Romans...well...guess what they did.  
### TPO34 L1  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a student and an employee in the university library.  
Employee   
Ready to check out?  
Student   
Just about, before I do though, this book on early navigation, I’ve been using this book quite a bit for a research project and I’d like to own it actually, and, well, it’s an old book and there were two copies on the shelf just now, so I was wondering if I could buy one? I was talking to this guy the other day and he said the library sold books on occasion. Is that right?  
Employee   
He’s probably talking about our annual book sale. We have one every spring.   
Student   
OK, how do you decide which book to sell? Are they duplicates?  
Employee   
A lot are duplicates. If we have more than one copy of a title and it hasn’t been checked out in a few years, in that case, it might end up in the sale.  
Student   
I’ve actually tried to find this book on-line but no luck so far. I was really hoping to buy it.  
Employee   
Well, that particular book, well, it probably won’t be up for sale this year. Most of the books in the sale come from off-site storage.  
Student   
Off-site storage?  
Employee   
That’s where we keep books that haven’t been used for several years. They’re still in the catalog which means they can be checked out if you fill out a form. It takes maybe a day or two to retrieve one of them.  
Student   
I see.  
Employee   
And then before we decide to include a book in the sale, we review its circulation history again which can take a while. We’ve got a lot of books in storage.   
Student   
So it’s basically the unpopular books that get put up for sale then.  
Employee   
Well, that, plus the main thing is to make sure students have access to the information in the books. A lot of them are available in electronic format these days, even the really old ones. You know they’ve been preserved that way.  
Student   
So most of the books for sale are older books.  
Employee   
Well, we get book donations too and lots of those are new. Again, a librarian  
reviews them and decides whether to catalog them or put them up for sale.   
Student   
Is the sale open to the public?  
Employee   
On the second day, it’s a two-day sale. The first day is for students, faculty and staff though which is great. We usually need about 20 volunteers for the sale and, well, if you volunteer, you get first shot at everything in advance.  
Student   
Really? What do volunteers have to do?  
Employee   
You help sort the books and set up the tables. But keep in mind, those positions fill up quickly. Now, about this particular book, it wouldn’t hurt to send a formal request to collection department. They might be able to let you know if it’d be up for sale.  
Student   
I’ll do that. Thanks.  
### TPO34 L2  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an Art History class.  
Professor  
All right, so last week we started talking about the painters and sculptors who were part of the art movement called Dada. But I don’t want you to think the ideas we introduced last time were limited to painting, sculpture, that sort of thing. So, today I want to move beyond the visual arts and talk a bit about Dada in the performing arts, in theater. But let’s start by reviewing what Dada is, OK?  
As you recall, Dada began in Switzerland in the city of Zurich in 1916. The artists who started it were reacting against traditional notions of, uh, of beauty, of reason, of progress which had been the standards of western thoughts since the eighteenth century. They looked around and, well, I mean, the First World War was raging. So they didn’t see much beauty, reason or progress in the world. Instead, they saw a world that was chaotic, random, a world that didn’t make sense. And if that’s the world was, well, they wanted their art to reflect that.  
So, let’s review a couple of key ideas that were the backbone of Dada art.  
First, the Dadaist wanted to completely reject the classical idea of art, classical ideas like proportion, balance, all the things you think about when you think about great art. Great art involved a reason, the logic, the beauty that the Dadaist wanted to overthrow. So, uh, well, you know, to a Dadaist, classical art work was a reflection of outdated thinking. That’s why Dadaist created sculptures like the ones we saw last week. Remember the stool with the bicycle mounted on top? I wouldn’t exactly call that beautiful, would you? But, of course, it wasn’t meant to be. That was the point.  
OK, so another key Dada idea we talked about was the embracing of randomness, right? Uh, if life was random, said the Dadaist, why would we make art that has order and logic? And so we have that collage we looked at with an artist took different, you know, cut out squares of colored paper. Threw them onto the canvas and wherever they landed, that was the composition of the work. Another favorite of the Dadaist was something called chance poetry. A chance poet would pull words out of a hat. And that would be, well, that would make up the, the poem. And this idea of chance and randomness was a key element of Dadaism because the whole world seems so random to them.  
So, now, let’s take a look at how Dadaist ideas were presented to audiences in highly unconventional, well, I’m not even sure how to categorize these theatrical events. I suppose you just have to call them shows. These shows started in Zurich in a place called the Cabaret Voltaire, the rejection of classical western art. Well, you see this in the nature of what took place at the Cabaret Voltaire. They didn’t put on plays or operas there. What they did was throw out all conventions. They mixed everything and anything together. They would, they might start with somebody reading a poem then somebody else playing an instrument followed by a display of paintings followed by somebody else chanting followed by somebody else banging on a big drum and someone dressed in a robot costume jumping up and down. So it’s not like a play. There’s no real plot development here like you’d find in traditional theatrical performance.  
The performers at the Cabaret Voltaire would also get the audience involved which was extremely unusual. Think about a traditional play. The action’s self-contained. The actors act as if there’s no one watching, right? It’s like a world unto itself. Well, at the Cabaret Voltaire, audience members could get up on stage and dance or chant or shout and sing for new seats. And every night would be different because there would be a different audience and a different set of acts and displays. So, all this could get pretty chaotic, no barriers between the performers and the audience and no barriers between kinds of art either.  
Think about it, poetry, paintings, music, dance all on the same stage and often at the same time. This is what the Dadaist had in mind when they set out to make art that reflect their own idea of reality. It didn’t make sense. But why should it?  
### TPO34 L3  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in an Environmental Engineering class.  
Professor  
At the end of yesterday’s class, we were discussing landfills and hundreds of millions of tons of everyday garbage which are deposited into them each year in the United States. It’s a growing problem. Quite simply we’re running out of space to put our garbage. And this is especially true for solid organic waste: food scraps from home or food processing plants, waste from farms that sort of thing. Did you know that two-thirds of the waste sitting in our landfills is organic material? We have government recycling programs for materials like plastic, glass and metal. Yet wide spread solutions for organic waste materials haven’t really been addressed in the United States. I think this is just asking for trouble in the future.  
So, today I want to talk about a technology that offers a potential solution to the problem: anaerobic phased solids digestion or APS digestion. First of all, what does anaerobic mean? Anyone?  
Student   
Without oxygen?  
Professor  
Correct. APS digestion uses anaerobic bacteria, ones that thrive in the absence of oxygen, to consume, to break down organic material.  
Student  
Excuse me, Professor, um, those anaerobic bacteria you’re talking about, well, aren’t anaerobic bacteria also used in wastewater treatment plants?  
Professor  
Yes, in fact, they are. Would you like to explain this to the class?  
Student  
Sure, so, when wastewater is treated, one of the by-products is a thick liquid called sludge. And aren’t anaerobic bacteria used to break down the sludge?  
Professor  
That’s right. Anaerobic bacteria have been used in wastewater treatment for decades.  
Student  
So how was this technology different?  
Professor  
Good question. Uh, the anaerobic digestion systems used in wastewater plants are designed to treat sludge not solids. Now, in the past, researchers have attempted to treat solid organic waste with that same equipment but there was always problem. In order to process solid waste, the kind we find in landfills, you had to pre-treat the solids to turn them into sludge: first by breaking the material apart mechanically to small particles and then adding a lot of water until you got a kind of thick soupy mix that the equipment could handle. But that extra step took time and required a lot of energy.  
Student  
That sounds like it would cost a lot.  
Professor  
That’s right. But APS digestion is designed specifically to handle solid waste so  
it’s much more cost-effective. The new technology processes organic waste in two phases. Remember, APS stands for anaerobic phased solid digestion.  
First, the waste material is loaded into a large closed container along with different types of anaerobic bacteria. The bacteria break the solids down into acids and hydrogen gas. The hydrogen is extracted and the remaining acids are transferred into a different container for the second phase of the process. There another type of bacteria converts the acids into methane gas.  
Student  
Aren’t hydrogen and methane gas bad for the environment though?  
Professor  
The answer in this case is no because they don’t escape into the atmosphere. The gases are captured and can be burned to produce electricity which saves a lot of money and ultimately decrease our need for fuels like petroleum and coal which are not only expensive but are also polluting.  
Student  
So organic waste from landfills could be processed this way?  
Professor  
It’s certainly one possibility. And APS digestion systems are very versatile. They can be installed just about anywhere. See, anaerobic digestion systems used in wastewater treatment plants are huge tanks that hold thousands of gallons of wastewater. But the APS container is small enough to be set up on site where the waste is generated, like, uh, food processing plants or on farms. So garbage doesn’t have to be transported long distances. As a matter of fact, a couple of universities successfully set up demonstration projects.  
They collected food scraps from dining halls and local restaurants and processed them in APS facilities. Not only did the universities save money, we’re also learning even more about the APS process. What’s the next step forward? Well, APS digestion uses several different types of anaerobic bacteria, right? So what are the most efficient bacteria in the process? If researchers can figure that out, the highest performing bacteria mix for a system could be determined. Ultimately, the goal would be to grow enough of these bacteria to support large- scale commercial APS systems.  
### TPO34 L4  
Narrator  
Listen to a conversation between a Professor and her Creative Writing professor.  
Student   
Hello, Professor Thompson, can I talk to you for a minute?  
Professor   
Oh, hi, Laura, we missed you last class.  
Student   
Yeah, I was sick for a few days, um, I was wondering did I miss a lot of work?   
Professor   
Let’s see, well, we discussed the story that you’ve been assigned to read for class, A  
Memory by Eudora Welty. And then we listened to a recording of an interview with Welty. The recording’s on reserve at the library, you’ll need to listen to it. Uh, so, did you have a chance to read the story?  
Student   
Yeah, I did.  
Professor   
What did you think?  
Student  
Well, I was a little surprised, I mean, the first time I read it, anyway.   
Professor   
What surprised you?  
Student   
You know, it just seemed like there was nothing going on in the story, I mean, a girl that just sitting at the beach thinking about one of her memories and, at the same time, she’s watching other bathers on the beach and sort of just thinking about what they’re doing, too.  
And that’s all that happens, so at the end of the story, I thought, “That’s it?”  
Professor   
I know what you mean. There’s, uh, no surprise ending like in O. Henry’s story “The Gift of the Magi,” or some big adventure like in William Faulkner’s “The Bear”. So you didn’t like the story?  
Student   
Well, actually, while I was reading it the second time, I sort of realized that you don’t need surprises or excitement to have a great story. The girl’s memory and stuff she was thinking about while she was watching the other people on the beach were really interesting to read about. And, you know, it made me think that when I write my story, the one we have to write for this class, I can maybe use my own memories to get me started.  
Professor  
Well, in fact, I’d hope you’d see that. Of course, there are many levels to this story, but what I really want the class to take away from it was that you don’t need to write about the great, the exciting world when you write your stories, uh, even writing about a memory can work.  
Student   
Like I could write about one of times I took a walk in the woods when I was a kid.   
Professor   
Exactly! You know, as the due date of your story approaches, I’m hearing from a lot of Professors of their worry because they don’t have anything exciting enough to write about. But Welty said in the interview we listened to and in her autobiography that her worst stories were the ones where she tried to write about people and places that were unfamiliar to her. That’s why a lot of her stories are set in Mississippi where she’s from. Welty stresses that, for her anyway, familiarity with her subject matter was the key to a successful story.  
Student   
Familiarity, that makes sense, thanks, Professor Thompson. Professor No problem, uh, don’t forget to listen to that recording.  
### TPO34 L5  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a lecture in a Botany class.  
Professor  
When we talk about pollination ecology, we’re talking about the relationship between a plant and its pollinator. From the plant’s perspective, the ideal pollinator is an animal that is under-fed, ready to eat and in a hurry. The pollinator, on the other hand, wants to remain well-fed with as little effort as possible. These factors help drive the evolution of plants and their pollinators, both of which depend on this balanced and delicate relationship. Sometimes only certain insects or birds can pollinate certain plants species. So, to really understand pollination ecology, both the flower and its pollinators must be studied. Let’s start with flowers.  
There are several important factors associated with pollination: when and how often a plant flowers, how long the flowering cycle lasts, and the number of flowers that open at the same time. For example, flowering may coincide with the migration of a certain animal species that pollinates the plant or producing many flowers at once may increase the number of pollinators a plant attracts. Other characteristics of the flowers are also important: features such as color, scent and shape attract pollinators as does the reward in the flower, the pollen or the nectar that feeds the pollinator.  
For example, flowers that attract bats tend to be green- or cream-colored, because visibility isn’t important. Bats are practically blind, remember. And these flowers bloom at night when the bats are active. Now, there’s a flower in the Amazon rainforest called a royal water lily and the characteristics of its flowers change during the pollination process. The royal water lily uses color, temperature and scent to attract the beetles that pollinate it. When the flowers of the royal water lily first open up, when they first bloom, they’re white, they also emit a strong odor and their temperature rises.  
Producing heat serves two purposes: it magnifies the scent of the flower and it helps the beetles maintain their body temperature. When a beetle arrives at the flower, the flower closes around it for about 24 hours so that the beetle becomes covered with pollen. Then when the flower opens, its color changes to red and it cools down. When the beetle flies out, it carries the pollen to a different heated, white, fragrant flower. As you can see plants go to a lot of trouble to attract attention. So what kind of attention are they attracting and why?  
Well, sometimes flowers provide shelter for insects, a place to lay eggs, for instance, but usually the attention is food, nectar and pollen. Nectar’s mainly a sugar solution while pollen is a grain made up of part of the plant’s cell structure. In both nectar and pollen production, quality and quantity vary over time but they’re always related to the needs of the pollinator. You can see that the relationship between pollinators and plants are delicate. So any number of factors can disturb them.  
Uh, human development is one and agriculture is generally believed to be the most harmful. It can fragment habitats in a variety of ways reducing the number of pollinators which, in turn, may reduce the number or size of the flowers which, of course, affect the animals that feed on them. Uh, exotic plant species not native to the area can move in and compete. Even bees brought in to pollinate crops can alter natural pollen dispersal system of rainforest plants.  
On the other hand, recent studies have shown that the disruption of one aspect of the pollination cycle doesn’t usually lead to the extinction of other species. It turns out that plant- pollinator relationships are more adaptable to change than we thought. So, really, it’s hard to know just how agriculture affects the pollination of plants.  
### TPO34 L6  
Narrator  
Listen to part of a discussion in a Business Management class.  
Professor   
Last week we were talking about innovation in businesses. Remember the graph I showed you?  
Student  
The curve that looked sort of like the letter S?   
Professor   
Right, Cathy, let’s take another look.Do you recall, Cathy, how this S-curve represents the life cycle of innovation?  
Student  
Sure, starting on the left, the new innovation, uh, let’s say it’s a new product. Almost nobody has heard of it or at least nobody takes it seriously. Then its popularity increases, uh, slowly at first, till sales really started accelerating quickly. There were the line goes up steeply in the middle as more and more people get excited about the product and they go out and buy it. But eventually, moving over to the right side there, interest began to fade and the growth in sales levels off.  
Professor   
At which point the market has matured for that product. We can still sell it and even marginally improve it but it’s not new anymore. It no longer offers exciting growth opportunities. So a business leader might face a choice: either stick with this old safe proven idea or move on to the next big idea, a fresh innovation. But innovations are risky. They may succeed or they may not. OK, a case study, George, I’ve heard your Thursday night program on the campus radio station. You like jazz, right?  
Student  
Huh? Uh, yeah, sure, but what?  
Professor  
OK, stay with me here. On your program last week, I heard an old Miles Davis’ album. Tell us about that.  
Student   
Uh, Miles Davis, trumpet, I played a CD of a jazz classic he recorded in the 1950s called Kind of Blue. It’s my all-time favorite of jazz recording.  
Professor   
Mine, too. Would you call that recording innovative for its time?  
Student   
Absolutely! Nothing at all like what he’d recorded up till then, I mean, before that Miles Davis played things so complex that, well, nobody could touch him. But this was something totally new. Suddenly his playing sounded so amazingly simple.  
Professor   
And how did people react to this new sound of Miles Davis?  
Student   
Well, some were disappointed even angry that he’d abandoned his old style. But soon most of his fans came around. And this new style appealed to a whole new group of jazz listeners.  
Professor   
I guess so! Kind of Blue became the most commercially successful album in the history of jazz. So is there a lesson here, anyone? Think of that S-curve I showed you.  
Student  
Oh, so his old style of jazz was actually a kind of product, one that had been developed pretty thoroughly. And he’d taken it about as far as he could. So he decided to take a big risk and try something totally new.  
Professor   
Exactly! Something completely fresh and cool and people couldn’t get enough of it. It was a brand new beginning that left lots of room for further development artistically. And as a market analyst, you could say that with Kind of Blue he was jumping to the beginning of a brand new S-curve, with all that potential for profitable developments still ahead of him. But let me ask you something else. This isn’t just the music of a single performer, is it, George?  
Student   
Hardly, more like a group of All Stars, along with Miles Davis on trumpet, there’s Bill Evans on piano, John Coltrane on tenor saxophone.  
Professor   
Individually perhaps the best in the business but thinking of Miles Davis as the leader of this group, how did he organize and manage all this incredible talent?  
Student   
Well, he’d lay out the general outline, the theme, and then give each of these star performers, one by one, a creative freedom to really show what they could do with it on  
their own instrument, to improvise and add something new, but always within the same general theme.  
Professor   
So Miles Davis gets credit for recruiting the best jazz talent anywhere and getting them to collaborate on a fantastic musical product. Everyone see the business parallels here? And give each of these musicians credit for seizing the opportunity and creating great individual performances. But good jazz is more than just outstanding individual performances, isn’t it?  
Student   
Definitely! Jazz musicians need to listen to each other and go with the flow, like, one time somebody goofed and came in a little early, but everyone else adjusted and went right along with it as if nothing were wrong. And this mistake came out like just another unexpected creative interpretation.  
Professor   
Thanks, George, great insights, ones that would certainly apply at what we’re studying here.  
