### 2
An index makes reading faster and improves query performance.
Slow queries are one the most common causes of poor performance.
An index is an ordered representation of the indexed data.
Searching in an ordered data is a lot more efficient than searching in an unordered data.
B-Tree.it is a balanced tree. the leaf nodes will always be at the same level. The leaf nodes also form what’s called a doubly linked list.If we don’t have a doubly linked list we would have to go back up the tree find the next leaf node.By having the doubly linked list we can scan through them sequentially without having to go back up the tree every time.
An index only contains the values of the columns you actually put the index on.
Indexing make reading faster but writing slower.
We want have as many indices as necessary but as few as possible.

Where cannot be used with aggregates whereas Having can.
Where clause filters row before aggregate calculations are performed whereas Having clause filters rows after aggregate calculations are performed.

### 1
Both optimistic and pessimistic locking mechanisms determine how the transactions in our application access the underlying data in the database. Optimistic locking means a specific record in the database table is open for all the user sessions or transactions. While using optimistic locking will not be locking any of the database records instead every time the transaction reads some data it will also read the version number or timestamp.
These are two columns that we add to each and every table in our database.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxGKvqHhU5c

check unchecked exception
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWQbHE0lC2I

Pointers - Variables that store address of another variable.
Mutex is an object owned by thread.So there is an ownership in mutex.Mutex allow only one thread to access resource.

Semaphore is a signaling mechanism. It allows a number of thread to access shared resources.

Mutex is a synchronization mechanism that allows two separate threads to operate on a common shared resource by mutually allowing a single thread to operate shared resource at a time.

We can use a mutex to protect a common resource that would be sharing between two separate threads.

It’s a global variable so it can be used by  either of the threads.

If it is a binary semaphore which means you can only have the value of 0 or 1 then that is almost equivalent to using a mutex.

You can use a binary semaphore or mutex interchangeably in most cases.

Condition variables: used to wait for a particular condition to become true

There are 3 ways a company can store your password: they store it in plain text,use encryption on it or use a hash function.

Take the passwords of the users and before your store them - encrypt them with an encryption key.Encryption is designed to work in two ways: you can encrypt a user’s passwords to keep it safe but you can also decrypt it to reveal the password again.

Hash functions take an input, that could be a piece of text like your password or it could be a file and turns that into a string of text that always has the same length.

There are many different hash functions available but here is what SHA3 hash of “hello”.
Hash functions are very different from encryption because they only work in 1 way. You can calculate the hash of a password but you cannot take a hash and turn it back into the original data.

We can add what’s called a salt to the password before we hash it.The salt is just some random data but it ensures that the hash of your password will always be unique, even if others are using the same password.

HashCode’s are used in Hashing to decide which group(or bucket) an object should be placed into.

A method having the same name as another method but having different parameters is called an overloaded method.
Creating a Sub Class with same signature as that of a method in SuperClass is called Method overriding.

What is an Interface?
An interface defines a contract for responsibilities (methods) of class.
Both abstract  class and interface is used to achieve the abstraction.Abstraction is one of the important concept of OOP and it is available in most of the programming languages.
Abstract method means only prototype only method declaration no method body.
Hide implementation logic and implementation logic will be defined by the respective child class.
Abstraction means hiding the implementation logic.
20% feature you want to hide in that case you can use abstract classes but the full hundred percent feature you want to hide or implementation you want to hide and the respective child classes should do that in that case you have to use interfaces.

Polymorphism is defined as “Same Code” giving “Different Behavior”.
