### Part1 Study
1. Why are you going to the United States? What are you going to do in the United States? What will you do in the United States?   
>  To pursue my master degree in CSUF.

2. What/Where did you study in China？
> Tianjin Polytechnic University.

3. When did you graduate from university?
> June 2014.
   
4. How many universities did you apply? 
>  Two, CSUF and CSU LA .
   
5. How many universities accept you and reject you?
>  CSUF accept me and CSULA reject me.

6. How did you know CSUF? 
>  One of my classmate who study in USA told me about this school.
  
7. Why did you choose CSUF ? Why are you interested in this university?
>  First , the course in this school perfectly match my backgroud. It is a short-term course, only 17 months. Last , the tuition fee is affordable,not expensive. enhance my current working skills.
  
8. Why do you want to study Software Engineering? Why are you so interested in this program?  
> It gives me a great sense of achievement.During the software development process, I encountered many different problems but
once the issues are resolved, it makes me feel very accomplished.I am welling to learn new staff.

9. What's your major mainly about?/ What courses are you going to take? 
> Systems and Software Standards and Requirements.Software Maintenance.Advanced Software Process.Software Design and Architecture.
Software Verification and Validation. Software Measurement.Modern Software Management. Professional, Ethical and Legal Issues for Software Engineers.

10. Why do you want to study in USA instead of China?  
> US universities are famous for their quality of education and knowledgeable faculty members. Also,the master's degree from USA have high recognition back here in China. That's whey I want to pursue master's degree from USA.

11. Have you taken any English tests? 
> I got 85 in my TOFEL exam.And 3 0 3 in my GRE test.

12. Where is the university located in US？
>  C

13. How long will you stay in U.S？
>  17 months.

14. When does your program start and when is ended？
> It start in Janurary 2018 and end in May 2019.

15. What is the difficult class do you have? 
>  Algorithm , because it is very abstract. I may take more time to complete .

16. What is your dissertation about?
>  online web application.

17. Who is your advisor?
> bin cong and ning chen.

19. Why there was such a long gap between your undergraduate and graduate program?
> Right now advance career I need higher education.

20. Do you have a study plan?  
>   Yes ,here you are.

### Part2 Sponsor
1. How many tuition will you pay？How many living expences will you pay？ 
> 20,000+.

2. Do you have any relatives in the United States?
>  yes,my sister.

3. Have you ever been to any other country aside of China? Did you travel abroad？ 
> yes.

4. To do what?(上问说去过美国,肯定会问去美国干了什么?)
> 斯坦福,优胜美地,visit also to travle golen galo bran bay area.

4. Who will sponsor you? /Who is your sponsor? /Who will you support your study in US? /Who will pay for your study? /Who will afford your study in US? 
>  my sister.

5. What do your sponsor do? What about the amount of money do your sponsor earn annually?
> Registered nurse


### Part3 Future Plan
1. What will you do after finishing your study at U.S.?  
>  I will return to China and find a job in Shanghai.

2. Why should I grant your visa?
>  

3. Whar are your ties to China?
>  My family.

