### 1
1. mandatory/optional
2. temporary/permanent
3. dubious:not used before a noun : unsure or uncertain : feeling doubt about something — usually + about
- I was dubious [=doubtful] about our chances for success.
- These fields are all of dubious value
4. polyglot
5. explicit:very clear and complete : leaving no doubt about the meaning
- They were given explicit instructions.
6. imminent:happening very soon
- We are awaiting their imminent arrival.
7. gradually
- How do both Gradually Roll Out and Cut Over plan work? What are the Pros/Cons?
8. transitive:having or taking a direct object
9. regardless
- It may rain, but I will go regardless.
10. stellar:very good,excellent
- To ensure our customer experience is stellar, we have a company expectation that all system owners provide round the clock support for critical issues.
11. expedient:often disapproving,providing an easy and quick way to solve a problem or do something
- Do the right thing, not the expedient thing.
12. kinetic:of or relating to the movement of physical objects
13. transient:not lasting long/persistent
14. heterogeneous:formal,made up of parts that are different
15. beefy:large, strong, and often fat
- This allows you to have a potentially heterogeneous fleet where some workers are beefier than others.
16. intrusive:annoying someone by interfering with their privacy : intruding where you are not wanted or welcome
- If this CM is intrusive, what services will be affected?
- Will this CM be in any way intrusive, and if so, how will you know?
17. cumbersome:hard to handle or manage because of size or weight
18. premature/prematurely
- This ticket was cut because https://tt.amazon.com/0170358895 was resolved prematurely.
19. historic
- DMS team used historic data to project the TPS requirement.
20. colossal: very large or great

### 2
1. victorious:having won a victory or having ended in a victory
- They were victorious over their enemies.
2. menace:n,a dangerous or possibly harmful person or thing — usually singular
- Those dogs are a menace.
2. menacing
- "R" is among the most menacing of sounds.
3. stubborn:refusing to change your ideas or to stop doing something
- You're stubborn.
4. soaking:n/adj,an act of leaving something in a liquid for a long time,an act of making someone or something very wet
5. countless:too many to be counted : very many
- we have countless times.
6. bespoke:made to fit a particular person,custom-made
- a bespoke suit
7. in-house:created, done, or existing within a company or organization
- an in-house investigation/adviser
8. preemptively/preemptive:done to stop an unwanted act by another group, country, etc., from happening
- The country took preemptive action against the perceived enemy.
- I am going to preemptively change the batteries in your wireless mouse.
9. gracious:very polite in a way that shows respect
- that's so gracious[=kind, courteous] of you.
- He graciously obliged.
10. martial:of or relating to war or soldiers
- as we all know,the one thing that thousand-year-old martial arts do all the time is change.
11. vivacious:happy and lively in a way that is attractive — used especially of a woman.
12. insolvent:adj,not having enough money to pay debts.
12. solvent:able to pay debts
- Many insurance companies are under pressure to increase premiums to stay solvent.
- you are functionally insolvent.
- The company has become insolvent. [=bankrupt]
13. foul:very unpleasant to taste or smell
- Oh,you're that foul man that kept talking about intercourse.
14. fictional:relating to fiction; invented for the purposes of fiction.
15. sublime:very beautiful or good : causing strong feelings of admiration or wonder
- Her paintings are sublime.
16. tipsy:unsteady or foolish from drinking : slightly drunk
- I got a little tipsy at the party last night.
17. plastered:very drunk,not used before a noun [more plastered; most plastered] informal
- I got/was totally plastered at the party.
18. lachrymose:tending to cry often,tending to cause tears
- a lachrymose drama
- There's a happy ending to this rather lachrymose story.
19. murky:very dark or foggy,not clearly expressed or understood
- He has a wonderful idea as to how to get us out of this murky situation.
20. mediocre:not very good/mediocrity
- We are surrounded by mediocrity and contentment.

### 3
1. lethal:causing or able to cause death
- non-lethal :非致命.
- a potentially lethal dose of a drug.
2. prosthetic/prosthesis:an artificial device that replaces a missing or injured part of the body
- a usable prosthetic appendage.可用的附加假肢.
3. privy (to):allowed to know about (something secret)
- There's a lot at play that you are not privy to. 很多内情你并不知晓.
- I wasn't privy to their plans. [=I didn't know about their plans]
4. blocky:short and thick
- The picture is so blocky.
5. articulate:able to express ideas clearly and effectively in speech or writing
- He is very articulate.
- when you are in an  emotional state, you become highly inarticulate.
6. spineless:disapproving,lacking courage or strength
- spineless VCs.
7. shitty:very bad or unpleasant
- It's really shitty.
8. hefty:large and heavy
- payroll alone is going to be pretty hefty.
9. hostile:not friendly,having or showing unfriendly feelings
- This is the most hostile and aggressive act of provocation I've ever had to endure.
10. integral:very important and necessary
- Industry is an integral [=essential] part of modern society.
11. supportive:giving help or encouragement to someone
- I was cool and supportive.
12. morbid:not healthy or normal
- This might be morbid.
13. bereaved:sad because a family member or friend has recently died
- bereaved women.
14. incessant:continuing without stopping : not stopping — used to describe something that is unpleasant or annoying
- The neighbors were bothered by the dog's incessant barking.
15. aforementioned:always used before a noun formal,mentioned before,spoken about or named earlier
- The aforementioned book is the author's most famous work.
16. profuse/profusely:given, produced, or existing in large amounts
- They were profuse in their thanks.
- apologizing profusely.不停的道歉.
17. inexplicable:not able to be explained or understood
- for some inexplicable reason.也不知道是因为什么.
18. inextricably:impossible to separate,closely joined or related
- The name John will be inextricably linked with that of Nucleus.
19. negligent:failing to take proper or normal care of something or someone
- Well, I ran down John in my car.Did you do this on purpose?No,I was being negligent.
20. defunct:formal,no longer existing or being used
- But instead,you walked away to wrangle extension cords for a company that will be defunct in maybe 30 hours.

### 4
1. distinguished:known by many people because of some quality or achievement
- distinguished guests.
2. frivolous:not important,not deserving serious attention
- That lawsuit we know to be frivolous.
3. diplomatic:involving the work of maintaining good relations between the governments of different countries : of or relating to diplomats or their work
- not causing bad feelings,having or showing an ability to deal with people politely
- I trust Erlich can be diplomatic and pull it off.
4. soulless:having or showing no special or interesting qualities
- The houses in the new development are completely soulless.
5. advantageous:helpful or favorable,giving an advantage to someone
- it's really advantageous for you take the call when it comes.
6. immaculate:perfectly clean,having no flaw or error(perfect)
- John obsessed on designing and refining an immaculate interview process.
7. inherent:belonging to the basic nature of someone or something
- Soft skills are inherent qualities that some people have and some people don't.
8. disenchanted(dissatisfied):no longer happy or satisfied with something
- Interviewers can also get disenchanted,when,instead of following the thread of the conversation.
9. tenacious/tenacity(n):not easily stopped or pulled apart : firm or strong
- The company has a tenacious hold on the market.
10. sane/insane/insanity
- having a healthy mind : able to think normally
- No sane person could do something so horrible.
11. repugnant:causing a strong feeling of dislike or disgust
- often + to,The idea was completely repugnant to us.
12. bittersweet:combining sadness and happiness
- I realize this may be bittersweet.
13. gutsy:very tough or brave
- That was the gutsiest thing I've ever seen.
14. pumped:informal,excited and enthusiastic about something
- your pumpedness makes me pumped.
15. unprompted:done or said by someone who has not been asked or reminded to do or say anything
16. unethical/ethical:morally bad,not ethical
- The would be unethical.
17. harmonious:not experiencing disagreement or fighting.
- in a harmonious and productive manner.
18. preposterous:very foolish or silly.
- That's preposterous.一派胡言.
19. contemptible:not worthy of respect or approval,deserving contempt
- I also happen to find him contemptible.
20. onerous:difficult and unpleasant to do or deal with
- But in many applications, that's too onerous of requirements.
- Your onerous terms not withstanding,I'm very excited to be a part of your VR play.

### 5
1. demented:not able to think clearly or to understand what is real and what is not real : crazy or insane.
- You're demented!
2. reassuring:making someone feel less afraid, upset, or doubtful
- I found it really reassuring to have a dedicated buddy to help me through my first week.
3. stupendous:so large or great that it amazes you
- Digesting the stupendous amount of information new Hubbers are exposed was made much smoother having someone to walk me through how it all works.
4. tardy:slow in moving, acting, or happening
- He can be both tardy and fresh.拖延且.
5. unwitting/unwittingly:not aware of what is really happening,not intended or planned
- The unwitting victims of a drug dealer.
- an unwitting mistake
6. astute:having or showing an ability to notice and understand things clearly,mentally sharp or clever
- He is quite astute.
7. exquisite:finely done or made.
- It's going to be exquisite.
- The ice skater practiced so much that her routine was exquisite.
8. untoward:bad or unfavorable,not good,not proper or appropriate
- Unless anything untoward happens we should arrive just before midday.
- But the rest I won't talk about.  It's untoward.
9. unbiased:not having or showing an unfair tendency to believe that some people, ideas, etc., are better than others : not biased
- unbiased people
10. staggering: astonish or deeply shock.
- apart from the party expenses,which were staggering.除了非常惊人的party开销.
- the time and space complexity are staggering.
11. hedonistic
11. hedonism:n,the belief that pleasure or happiness is the most important goal in life
- hedonistic relationship.
12. thorny:very difficult or complicated.
- This is thorny. 真麻烦.
- The thorny issue of taxation.
13. intolerable:too bad, harsh, or severe to be accepted or tolerated : not tolerable.
- This is intolerable.
14. abysmal:extremely poor or bad
- Their daily active user numbers are abysmal.
15. indisposed:not willing or likely to do something — followed by to + verb
- slightly ill,not feeling well
- Are you indisposed?
16. animated:full of life and energy
- a lot of animated characters have rough starts.
17. seamlessly
- A and B should integrate seamlessly.
18. unspeakable:very bad or evil
- as unspeakable as that thing.
19. intoxicated:affected by alcohol or drugs,especially:drunk
- If you appear to be intoxicated you won't be allowed to participate in Commencement.
20. sturdy:strongly made
- Wear sturdy, comfortable shoes. You’ll be walking long distances, often on grass and uneven surfaces.

### 6
1. unwavering:continuing in a strong and steady way : not changing or wavering
- unwavering will
2. vehement/vehemently:showing strong and often angry feelings : very emotional.
- Despite vehement opposition from his family, he quit school and became an actor.
3. proactive:controlling a situation by making things happen or by preparing for possible future problems
- Companies are going to have to be more proactive about environmental management.
4. accommodating:willing to do what someone else wants or requests
- She seems less accommodating to the demands of her boss than she used to be.
5. gratuitous:not necessary or appropriate
- There were too many gratuitous personal insults throughout the debate.
6. barely: hardly or scarcely — used to say that something was almost not possible or almost did not happen
- And I barely have any responsibilities.
7. infectious:capable of being easily spread to other people
- That laugh is so infectious.
8. monetary:of or relating to money
- this should be accompanied by a monetary prize
9. incendiary:containing chemicals that explode into flame : producing a fire
- causing anger
- incendiary words/language
10. raunchy:very dirty, smelly, etc.
- a raunchy smell
11. chipped:damaged by having a small piece broken off at the edge or on the surface.
- I warmed my spirits with coffee in a chipped cup
12. contagious:able to be passed from one person or animal to another by touching
- Failure is contagious.
13. preliminary/preliminaries(n):coming before the main part of something
- The preliminary [=early] results of the experiment are encouraging.
14. unsubstantiated:not proven to be true
- unsubstantiated claims/rumors
15. impending:happening or likely to happen soon
- Impending crash of Hooli's stock
16. lascivious:filled with or showing sexual desire
- lascivious acts/thoughts
17. fascinating:very interesting or appealing
- I found the whole movie fascinating.
18. formidable:very difficult to deal with
- a formidable obstacle
19. ajar:not used before a noun,slightly open.
- We left the door ajar so that we could hear what they were saying.
20. convertible:able to be changed into another form
- a convertible sofa [=a sofa that converts into a bed]


### 7
1. appellate:having the power to review and change the decisions of a lower court
- an appellate court
2. primal:formal,very basic and powerful,used especially to describe feelings that are like the feelings of animals and that seem to come from a part of human nature that has existed since ancient times
- primal urges/instincts
3. irate:very angry
- We have received some irate phone calls from customers.
4. irony:the use of words that mean the opposite of what you really think especially in order to be funny
- a writer known for her clever use of irony
5. managerial:relating to the skill or process of controlling and making decisions about a business or organization
6. incomprehensible/comprehensible:able to be understood
- a comprehensible [=intelligible] explanation
7. rad(cool):very appealing or good
- I got to warn you,though ,It's pretty rad. 我可提醒你,真的很赞.
- The Google of music,which is a really rad way to pitch something.
8. dubious:unsure or uncertain,feeling doubt about something — usually + about
- He was pursuing a number of extremely dubious positions.
- privide dubious value.
9. intangible:not made of physical substance,not able to be touched,not tangible
- The true value of college education is intangible.
10. congenital:existing since birth
- always used before a noun,informal,naturally having a specified character
- congenital diseases.
- He's a congenital liar. [=he's a liar by nature; he has always lied a lot and is likely to continue to lie]
11. beneficent/beneficence:doing or producing good
- a beneficent leader/aunt
12. commutative:
involving the condition that a group of quantities connected by operators gives the same result whatever the order of the quantities involved, e.g., a × b = b × a.
13. proportional:having a size, number, or amount that is directly related to or appropriate for something
- proportional to
- The number that do hit the cache is proportional to the number of coins (the branching factor).
14. susceptible:easily affected, influenced, or harmed by something
- He is very susceptible to colds. [=he catches colds easily]
15. rife:very common and often bad or unpleasant
- The office was rife with rumours.
- Dysentery and malaria are rife in the refugee camps.
16. rusty:covered with rust
- My tennis skills are a little rusty.
17. pathological/pathologic:extreme in a way that is not normal or that shows an illness or mental problem.
- He is a pathological liar.
18. pejorative: insulting to someone or something : expressing criticism
- a word with pejorative connotations
19. henceforth:formal,from this time forward,starting now
- Henceforth, supervisors will report directly to the manager.
20. crisp:clean, smooth, and somewhat stiff
- Crisp answer

### 8
1. competent:having the necessary ability or skills
- You eventually end up in big trouble as every other company want that new skill and you are incompetent.
2. deceptive:misleading,intended to make someone believe something that is not true
- The low price is deceptive. [=deceiving, misleading] Many fees are added to it before the purchase is complete.
3. scented:having a pleasing smell.
- What'd he get? - He got scented candles.
4. petulant:having or showing the attitude of people who become angry and annoyed when they do not get what they want.
- Hurt, petulant jesus.
5. compatible:able to exist together without trouble or conflict : going together well
- I would like an xbox and A tv that's compatible with an xbox.
6. slippery:difficult to stand on, move on, or hold because of being smooth, wet, icy, etc.
- It's a little slippery out here.
7. nonsensical:very foolish or silly
- So you've been shown a nonsensical video.
8. crass:having or showing no understanding of what is proper or acceptable : rude and insensitive
- A few people seemed shocked by her crass comments.
9. jurisdictional/jurisdiction:the power or right to make judgments about the law, to arrest and punish criminals, etc.
- His attorney claimed the court lacked jurisdiction in this matter.
10. childlike
- a childlike drawing/voice
11. even-tempered:not easily upset or made angry
- He is pretty e·ven-tem·pered.
12. colloquial:using an informal style
- a colloquial word/expression
13. optimal/optimum/optimally/suboptimal
- optimal:best or most effective
- suboptimal:less than the best or most desirable
- the optimum approach would be to form five disjoint subsets Si,...,S5 of S.
14. flawed:having a mistake, fault, or weakness
- Not describing the details of the actions they took makes them a flawed candi­ date, but not necessarily a flawed employee.
15. proprietary:of or like that of an owner.
- The publisher has proprietary rights [=the rights of an owner] to the manuscript.
- This is proprietary software, and you have no right to copy it without a license from the owner.
16. averse:having a clear dislike of (something) : strongly opposed to (something)
- He seems to be averse to exercise.
- She is not averse to taking chances. [=she is willing to take chances]
17. succinct:using few words to state or express an idea
- I thought she expressed her feelings most succinctly at the meeting.
18. versed:having knowledge about something — + in
- be versed in sth
- When a candidate blabbers on about a problem, it's hard for an interviewer who isn't well versed in the subject or projectto understand it.
19. retrospective:of or relating to the past or something that happened in the past
- Retrospectively, I can see where we went wrong.
20. ruthless:having no pity : cruel or merciless
- You know what, jim? With two santas in the room, things get ruthless.

### 9
1. beforehand:adverb,in advance : at an earlier or previous time
- We can build up the reverse integer one digit at a time. While doing so, we can check beforehand whether or not appending another digit would cause overflow.
- research the recruiter beforehand.
2. iconic
3. interchangeable:capable of being used in place of each other
- Please note that array questions and string questions are often interchangeable.That is, a question that this book states using an array may be asked instead as a string question, and vice versa.
4. amiable:friendly and pleasant
- Everyone knew him as an amiable fellow.
5. flawless:perfect
- a flawless [=perfect] performance
- They're making sure everything works flawlessly.
6. conversely:in a way that is the opposite of something else
- Large objects appear to be closer. Conversely, small objects seem farther away.
7. conclusive/conclusively:showing that something is certainly true.
- It is impossible to demonstrate/prove conclusively that the factory is responsible for the pollution.
- conclusively indicative of sociopathic tendencies.很明显的显示出.
8. atrocious: very evil or cruel or bad.
-  I created a résumé that, while atrocious in many respects, demonstrated my passion for technology and showcased my limited experience.
9. substantial:large in amount, size, or number.
- These debts can sometimes be substantial.
10. non-negotiable
- I'm afraid it's non-negotiable.没办法商量.
11. benevolent:kind and generous.
- a benevolent leader.
12. twitchy:nervous; anxious.
- I may be twitchy(nervous)
13. aggrieved:feeling anger because of unfair treatment
- John is the aggrieved party.受害方
14. uncanny:strange or unusual in a way that is surprising or difficult to understand
- She had an uncanny resemblance to someone I had seen before.
15. euphoria:n,a feeling of great happiness and excitement.
15. euphoric
- He was quite euphoric about speaking to you regarding a deal.
16. stealth:done or happening in a secret or quiet way that does not attract attention
- a stealth rollout was the best idea.低调发布才是最好选择.
17. irritable:becoming angry or annoyed easily
- She's 11 months pregnant and highly irritable.
18. vapid:not lively or interesting : dull or boring
- a song with vapid lyrics
19. nebulous: not clear,difficult to see, understand, describe, etc.
20. scuba:used in scuba diving
- Did one of you tell stanley that i have asthma, 'cause i don't.If it gets out, they won't let me scuba.

### 10
1. mighty:having or showing great strength or power
- The barbarians faced a mighty army.
2. ho-hum:having or showing no excitement or enthusiasm
- He's been leading a very ho-hum [=dull, boring] existence.
3. wicked:very bad or unpleasant
4. obliged:very grateful,thankful
5. permanent/permanently:adj,lasting or continuing for a very long time or forever : not temporary or changing.
6. divine:relating to or coming from God or a god
- To Iterate is Human, to Recurse, Divine.
- No divine inspiration allowed.
7. disjointed:lacking order and organization
- She could hardly follow their disjointed [=incoherent, disconnected] conversation.
8. singly:adv,without another
- The books in the set cannot be sold singly. [=(more commonly) individually]
9. outright:adv,in a full and complete way
- They rejected the idea outright. [=altogether, completely]
10. laminated:made by pressing together thin layers of material
- laminated kitchen counters
11. latter:coming or happening near the end of a process, activity, series, life, etc. : later
12. pedant:n,disapproving,a person who annoys other people by correcting small errors and giving too much attention to minor details.
12. pedantic
- pedantic  comments.
13. bureaucratic:using or connected with many complicated rules and ways of doing things: of, relating to, or like a bureaucracy or bureaucrat
- Things had become more bureaucratic.
14. weary:lacking strength, energy, or freshness because of a need for rest or sleep.
- Here, sit down and rest your weary(tired) legs.
15. voluntary:done or given because you want to and not because you are forced to : done or given by choice.
- voluntary donations
16. uplifting:causing happy and hopeful feelings
- uplifting music
17. nimble:able to move quickly, easily, and lightly.
- a nimble [=quick, clever] mind
- a nimble [=agile] dancer
18. boundless:not limited in any way,having no boundaries
- She has boundless energy and enthusiasm.
- Her love for her baby is boundless.
19. bland:not interesting or exciting
- a bland [=dull, boring] film
- The vegetable soup was rather bland.
20. filthy:very dirty
- mediocre people filthy casuals

### 11
1. full-on:not limited in any way
- Fully developed
- The hotel specializes in full-on luxury.
2. marital:of or relating to marriage.
2. pre-marital
- premarital sex
3. skinny:very thin or too thin
4. frugal:careful about spending money or using things when you do not need to : using money or supplies in a very careful way
- He's a frugal shopper.
- She's very frugal with her money.
5. subtle/subtlety:hard to notice or see : not obvious
- give yourself a subtlety of expression.
- Now there are some more subtleties to arrow functions.
6. stringent:very strict or severe
- the stringent time-to-market constraints that prevail in a competitive climate such as web-conferencing would have prevented us from doing this.
7. sheen:a soft, smooth, shiny quality
- The conditioner gives hair a beautiful soft sheen.
8. periodic/periodically:happening regularly over a period of time.
- Understanding trees, graphs, lists, sorting, and other knowledge does come up periodically.
9. meaty:of, relating to, or resembling meat.having a lot of interesting ideas or information.
- You get to focus on the interesting, "meaty" parts of the code: the function that the question is really all about.
10. pseudo- :not real or genuine
- pseudocode
11. qualitative:of or relating to how good something is : of or relating to the quality of something
12. oftentimes
- oftentimes the interviews will even take a picture of the code that you wrote.
13. peripheral:not relating to the main or most important part
- If we focus too much on peripheral issues, we will lose sight of the goal.
14. lucrative:producing money or wealth
15. docile:easily taught, led, or controlled
- His students were docile and eager to learn.
16. brittle:easily broken or cracked
17. contiguous:formal,used to describe things that touch each other or are immediately next to each other.
- She's visited each of the 48 contiguous states in the U.S., but she hasn't been to Alaska or Hawaii yet.
18. oddly:in a strange or unusual way
- She had never been there before, but the place seemed oddly [=strangely] familiar to her.
19. eternal/eternity:having no beginning and no end in time : lasting forever
- eternal life
20. legit/legitimate
- you are too legit to quit.你这么正经的人就不会辞职.
- Are those number legit?

### 12
1. grasping:wanting money and possessions too much : greedy
- a grasping, greedy man
2. pathetic:causing feelings of sadness and sympathy
- Breakfast, lunch and dinner were catered by one of the best, Gramercy Park Catering. Definitely made Google food look pathetic.
3. sympathetic:feeling or showing concern about someone who is in a bad situation : having or showing feelings of sympathy
- Mrs. John was sympathetic when she found out Ashley broke her arm.
4. brutal/brutality:extremely cruel or harsh
5. unheard:not given attention
- The students' concerns went unheard [=were ignored] by the school's administration.
- Their cries for help were unheard.
6. attentive:thinking about or watching something carefully : paying careful attention to something
- The hospital is proud of its attentive staff.
7. unanimous:agreed to by everyone
- we can’t reach a unanimous decision based on interview feedback alone.
- it's unanimous.Approved.
- a unanimous vote to upgrade the school's computer facilities
8. cynical:Basically means that you think negatively about everything.believing that people are generally selfish and dishonest
- Many young people today are cynical about politics.
- She's become more cynical in her old age.
9. wretched:very unhappy, ill, etc.very bad or unpleasant
- families living in wretched poverty
- Listen, we are a paper company.How can we put our fine paper in this wretched machine?
10. woe:a feeling of great pain or sadness.
10. woeful:full of woe : very sad
- My skill set was woefully out of date.
- The student's grades were woeful.
11. clunky:large and awkward in form or appearance
- I drive a clunky old station wagon.
- even last year's laptops look clunky
12. mortal/mortally/mortality:
- certain to die.
- very great or severe
- She lived in mortal fear/terror/dread of being betrayed. [=she was very afraid of being betrayed]
- Your mortality is approaching and you suddenly realise time is limited.
- Can music save your mortal soul?
- We already are mortally embarrassed.
13. dandy:informal,very good
- Now everything is fine and dandy.
- This looks like a dandy [=fine, splendid] place to have lunch.
14. shameless:having or showing no shame
- The actor made a shameless plug for his movie.
15. contentious(controversial):likely to cause people to argue or disagree
- I think it's wise to avoid such a highly contentious [=controversial] topic/issue at a dinner party.
- Contentious politics in China
- The dispute involves one of the region's most contentious leaders.
16. phony=fake:not true, real, or genuine : intended to make someone think something that is not true.
- Sometime, people will steal something from other people and pass it off as their own. And these people are called “phonies”.
17. unwieldy:difficult to handle, control, or deal with because of being large, heavy, or complex
- The system is outdated and unwieldy.
18. problematic
- inherently problematic
19. normative:based on what is considered to be the usual or correct way of doing something
- normative tests/grammar
20. emphatic/emphatically:said or done in a forceful or definite way
- Even if my emphatic recommenda­tion could sway them to reconsider, he would surely get rejected in the later stages of the hiring process. There were just too many red flags.
- a man with emphatic [=strong, definite] opinions
- I emphatically vote.我郑重提议.
- When the code quality is low, emphatically request a split.
- Yellen responds to Trump: I can 'emphatically' say politics do not affect us

### 13
1. dismissive/dismissively:refusing to think about or consider something or someone — usually + of
- He was dismissive of my idea.
- she explained dismissively that these issues were not worth the engineering time to fix.
2. obstinate(stubborn):refusing to change your behavior or your ideas
- As you might guess,john's replies became even more obstinate.
3. backward:to or toward a less advanced state or condition : toward a worse state.
- economically backward countries
- my original approach was backward and bob's was quietly brilliant.
4. convoluted:very complicated and difficult to understand
- An F is reserved for code that is either functionally incorrect or so convoluted that you don't have confidence in its correctness.
5. either,adv,用于否定句.也.
- My other work didn't look so good on paper either.
6. nevertheless:adv,however.
- It was an undocumented system, built on deprecated infrastructure,but it was nevertheless  a critical components in production.
- I had lost a lot of money in the poker game; nevertheless [=however], I decided to continue playing.
7. liable:legally responsible for something
- He is liable for his wife's debts. [=he is responsible for paying his wife's debts]
- It's liable to rain.
- I was liable to lose several more in the grunt work of keeping it operational.
8. absurd:extremely silly, foolish, or unreasonable : completely ridiculous.
- Meanwhile, I couldn't complete any projects because Google kept interrupting them midway through and assigning me new ones. They dynamic felt absurd.
9. rather adv:used to introduce a statement that indicates what is true after you have said what is not true.
- I would rather go to the movies than stay at home.
- These weren't Zucherberg hopefuls, but rather people who wanted to build modest, profitable businesses that pay their bills.
10. terse:brief and direct in a way that may seem rude or unfriendly
- I am almost sure I am terse to the point of rudeness when replying emails.
11. innocuous:not likely to bother or offend anyone : inoffensive
- All my to-do lists started out as innocuous tools to assist me in my life, but slowly transformed,each and every time, into thankless , soul training exercises in reductionism.
12. accusatory:accusing or blaming someone:assigning blame or fault
- People accusatory fingers pointed at businessman.
13. exponential/exponentially:very fast : increasingly rapid
- Popular wisdom said that each promotion was exponentially harder than the last.
14. egregious:very bad and easily noticed.
- an egregious example of political bias
15. virtuous:morally good,having or showing virtue.
- When you start review immediately, you create a virtuous cycle.
16. moot:not certain : argued about but not possible for people to prove
- US : not worth talking about : no longer important or worth discussing
- He says that they should have foreseen the accident, but that point is moot. [=debatable]
- The court ruled that the issue is now moot because the people involved in the dispute have died.
- Your low-level notes might become moot once the author integrates your high-level notes.
17. tedious:boring and too slow or long
- The work is tedious, but it needs to get done.
18. dummy:  a person who is habitually silent
- dummy data
- We're going to do is make up an array of dummy to do's.
19. hideous:very ugly or disgusting
- Look at that hideous face.
- Donald Trump hair - hideous or handsome?
20. mad:very angry
- mad at sb
- What are you so mad about?
- If you keep teasing that dog, you'll make him mad.
- I really mad at user5 I want to wipe all their data.

### 14
1. omniscient:knowing everything,having unlimited understanding or knowledge.
- In my head, the promotion committee was this omniscient and fair entity.
2. shrewd:having or showing an ability to understand things and to make good judgments:mentally sharp or clever.
- They'd see past all that and recognize me for high-quality code and shrewd engineering decisions.
- She's shrewd about her investments.
3. devious(sneaky)1)not straight or direct,having many twists and turns.2)willing to lie and trick people in order to get what is wanted
- he's as devious as a politician needs to be
- The devious criminal tried to hide from the police.
4. adorable:very appealing or attractive,very lovable
- The music is adorable.
5. conspicuous:very easy to see or notice
- The sign was placed in a very conspicuous spot/position.
6. erroneous:not correct
- erroneous assumption
- detect whether the program has entered an erroneous state
7. pernicious(per·ni·cious):causing great harm or damage often in a way that is not easily seen or noticed.
- She thinks television has a pernicious influence on our children.
- nondeterminism is a very pernicious form of complex behavior.
8. analogous(a·nal·o·gous):similar in some way.
- a town council and a government body that serves an analogous function.
- Facebook knows public perception of Zuckerberg is analogous to their view of the social network.
9. nuts:crazy, foolish, or strange:
- They're nuts.他们是傻瓜.
- You're nuts if you think you can go mountain climbing in a snowstorm.
10. pesky:making someone annoyed or irritated
- pesky mosquitoes
11. offhand:adv,without previous thought or preparation
- I couldn't give them the figures offhand.
12. formulaic:produced according to a formula : not new or original.
- commonly used
- a formulaic [=set, fixed] phrase such as “Sincerely yours” at the end of a letter
- There is no formulaic way to write excellent requirements;
13. devoid:not having (something usual or expected):completely without (something)
- the so-called comedy is totally devoid of intelligence, originality, and even laughs
14. chatty:tending to talk a lot : fond of chatting
- a chatty neighbor
15. faint:not clearly seen, heard, tasted, felt, etc.
15. faint:v,to suddenly become unconscious.
- Some fans were so excited to see Brad Pitt that they fainted.
- We heard a faint noise.
16. clumsy:adj,moving or doing things in a very awkward way and tending to drop or break things.
- However, split infinitives tend to be clumsy and unnecessary.
17. extravagant:more than is usual, necessary, or proper
- The film is notable for its extravagant settings and special effects.
18. phenomenal:adj,very good or great : unusual in a way that is very impressive.
- There are some really phenomenal teachers.
- the phenomenal ability to remember the names of thousands of people
19. steadfast/steadfastly:very devoted or loyal to a person, belief, or cause : not changing
- He was steadfast in his support of the governor's policies.
- There are no steadfast rules.
- Mark was steadfast about what wanted to do.
20. avid:very eager : enthusiastic, keen
- I myself am an avid Kindle user and rarely read anything that's not on Kindle.
- avid blogger honing your grammar and punctuation skills
- avid for publicity/success.(urgently eager)


### 15
1. nasty:bad or very unpleasant.
- That nasty old man yelled at me just for stepping on his lawn!
2. timely/timeliness:the fact or quality of being done or occurring at a favorable or useful time.
- managers were happy with the timeliness of the deliveries
3. rarely:not very often
- She rarely talks about her past.
- Rarely, an individual might actively try to block the BA from working with the ideal contacts for some reason.
- I rarely drive above 60 mph
4. protracted:lasting a long time : continuing longer than necessary or expected
- He had certainly taken his time, even protracting the process.
- They reached an agreement after protracted [=lengthy] negotiations.
5. full-fledged
- Coldlike symptoms that never quite develop into full-fledged colds
6. vague/vaguely:not clear in meaning : stated in a way that is general and not specific
- he vaguely remembered talking to her once
7. fabulous:very large in amount or size
- He is making fabulous amounts of money.
- I had a fabulous time.The weather has been fabulous.
8. needy:not having enough money, food, etc., to live properly : poor
-  needy and elderly people
9. sloppy:not careful or neat : showing a lack of care, attention, or effort.
- This is sloppy. 这么做太草率.
- Your work has been very sloppy lately.
10. bulky:large and difficult to carry or store
- bulky packages might cost more to mail
- He was a bulky man, military, in his mid to late thirties.
11. handy:very useful or helpful
- a handy desktop encyclopedia
- And if you're handy with phone wiring, it could be your big weekend.(skillful)
12. apologetic:feeling or showing regret : expressing an apology
- They were apologetic about the error.We received an apologetic letter
13. unapologetic/unapologetically.in a manner that does not acknowledge or express regret.
- She was unapologetic about her remarks.
14. cyclic:happening again and again in the same order : happening in cycles.
14. acyclic:not displaying or forming part of a cycle.
- cyclic changes in the weather
15. symmetric:having sides or halves that are the same : having or showing symmetry
15. asymmetric
16. filthy:very dirty
- a filthy hospital with no sanitation
17. noxious:harmful to living things : toxic
- they were overcome by the noxious fumes
- mixing bleach and ammonia can cause noxious fumes that can seriously harm you
- noxious fumes/waste
19. freelance:earning money by being hired to work on different jobs for short periods of time rather than by having a permanent job with one employer.
- a freelance journalist
20. imminent:happening very soon.
- These patients are facing imminent death.
- I am recording this video just before the imminent release of JAVA 10.

### 16
1. sporadic:happening often but not regularly : not constant or steady
- Sporadic events.
2. malicious:having or showing a desire to cause harm to another person : having or showing malice
- malicious behavior
3. stochastic:randomly determined
- There are also stochastic or random versions.
- Stochastic arrival.
4. rational:based on facts or reason and not on emotions or feelings
4. rationale:n
- the rationale for starting the school day an hour later is that kids will supposedly get an extra hour of sleep.
5. pertinent:relating to the thing that is being thought about or discussed : relevant
- he impressed the jury with his concise, pertinent answers to the attorney's questions
6. tabular:arranged in rows or columns in a table
- Results can be viewed graphically, printed or recorded as tabular data.
7. metabolic
7. metabolism:the chemical processes by which a plant or an animal uses food, water, etc., to grow and heal and to make energy.
8. viable:capable of being done or used : workable.
- He could not suggest a viable alternative.
9. laborious:requiring a lot of time and effort.
- The colourful faces are the result of laborious work.
- the volunteers have been commendably laborious in their cleanup of the beach
10. unremitting:not stopping or growing weaker.
- She was recognized for her unremitting efforts to improve the lives of people in her city.
- unremitting rain that lasted for six days
11. infrequent:not happening often,not frequent
- My lawn didn't require cutting as often because rain fell infrequently .
12. malleable:capable of being easily changed or influenced
- a malleable [=flexible] plan
- infinitely malleable.无限可塑
13. inexorable:not able to be stopped or changed
- the inexorable rise of a political movement
14. sparing:not using or giving a lot of something
- He has been sparing with details about his personal life. [=he has not talked much about his personal life]
- He used the funds only sparingly.
15. contented:happy and satisfied : showing or feeling contentment
15. contentment:n,the state of being happy and satisfied : the state of being content.
- The baby gave a contented burp.
- Our dog leads a happy and contented life.
- he found contentment in living a simple life in the country
16. lackluster:lacking excitement or interest
- no excuses were made for the team's lackluster performance
17. provisional(temporary,tentative):existing or accepted for the present time but likely to be changed : temporary
- The government has given provisional approval for the use of the new drug.
- We have tentative plans for the weekend.
- the baby's first tentative steps
18. fraudulent:
obtained, done by, or involving deception, especially criminal deception.
- Corrupt leaders were chosen in a fraudulent election.
19. herein:adv,in this book, document, etc.
- For an explanation of the abbreviations used herein, see the section entitled “Abbreviations in this Work.”
20. thereof:adv,of the thing that has been mentioned.
- We can also try to be more honest about our contribution, or lack thereof.

### 17
1. exhausted:drained of one's physical or mental resources; very tired.
- I mean I was just exhausted, totally exhausted. I could barely walk up a flight of stairs without panting and wheezing.
- I'm so exhausted. 我太累了.
2. exhaustive:including all possibilities : very thorough
- The list was long but not exhaustive.
- they must be exhaustive,that is cover all possibilities.
3. resilient:able to become strong, healthy, or successful again after something bad happens
- how resilient it must be to erroneous input
4. erroneous:not correct
- We received erroneous information.
5. ambiguous:able to be understood in more than one way : having more than one possible meaning
5. unambiguous:clearly expressed or understood : not ambiguous
6. disgruntled:unhappy and annoyed
- one disgruntled former employee.
7. holistic:relating to or concerned with complete systems rather than with individual parts.
- We need to take a more holistic approach to improving our schools.
8. in-kind 实物的,非现金的.always used before a noun US.: made up of something other than money.
- The charity also accepts in-kind donations such as food or clothing.
9. vigorous:healthy and strong.
- She remained vigorous into her nineties.
- His speech was met with vigorous applause.
10. visionary:having or showing clear ideas about what should happen or be done in the future.
10. delusion:n,a belief that is not true : a false idea.a false idea or belief that is caused by mental illness.
10. delusional:adj.
- Then I guess you are truly delusional.痴心妄想.
- I think you're an arrogant prick.自大狂妄.
11. reckless:not showing proper concern about the possible bad results of your actions
- He is a wild and reckless young man.
- It is our case that he was reckless and negligent in the way he drove.
12. adversarial:involving two people or two sides who oppose each other.
- The two men have always had an adversarial relationship. [=they have always opposed each other; they have always treated each other as adversaries]
- Lawyers enjoy being adversarial.
13. cognizant:aware of something
14. hypocrite:disapproving,a person who claims or pretends to have certain beliefs about what is right but who behaves in a way that disagrees with those beliefs
14. hypocritical
- I watched your entire video and you talked the whole time.  I couldn't get a word in.  When are YOU going to listen mister?  Seems a little hypocritical of you.﻿
15. preferential:giving an advantage to a particular person or group
- Founded by two former Stanford PhDs, the company is still, many claim, preferential to engineers over other positions.
16. precocious:having or showing the qualities or abilities of an adult at an unusually early age
- A precocious child, she went to university at the age of 15.
17. quirky:unusual especially in an interesting or appealing way
17. quirky(The adjective quirky is often used to describe those unconventional things that are characterized by peculiar behavior or an unexpected point of view. Quirky is often used to describe people, but it can also refer to things that seem to possess an unexpected and unconventional element, like a quirky strategy or a quirky idea.)
- But be warned: these quirky résumé submissions may turn off the wrong company or recruiter.
18. excruciating:very painful : causing great mental or physical pain
- Large blocks of text recounted in excruciating detail the features of the three games I’d created.
19. clueless:not having knowledge about something : unable to understand something
- what I submitted was the equivalent of a four-year-old’s crayon drawing: cute, perhaps, in an incredibly clueless way.
20. unprovable:not able to be proved or shown to be true
- Why, then, does a candidate list his vague and totally unprovable love for running?


### 18
1. taxing:adj,requiring a lot of effort, energy, etc.
- The position of CEO is taxing.
2. scrupulous:very careful about doing something correctly.
2. unscrupulous:not honest or fair : doing things that are wrong, dishonest, or illegal
- an unscrupulous salesman
- Her report is scrupulous in its detail.
3. reproducible
4. sickening:causing you to feel sick
- It's sickening, the way she gets her parents to do what she wants.
5. porous:having small holes that allow air or liquid to pass through
- The border in this region is porous and many refugees have simply walked across.
6. cumbersome:hard to handle or manage because of size or weight
- Some heuristic pruning can be applied,but the program grows very cumbersome.
7. uniform:n,a special kind of clothing that is worn by all the members of a group or organization (such as an army or team)
7. uniform:not varying or changing : staying the same at all times, in all places, or for all parts or members
- The museum is kept at a uniform temperature to protect the artifacts.
- uniformly
- a school/police/baseball uniform
8. methodical:done by using a careful and organized procedure
- Their methodical review of the evidence exposed some problems with the study's findings.
9. meticulous:very careful about doing something in an extremely accurate and exact way
- Many hours of meticulous preparation have gone into writing the book.
10. parsimonious:very unwilling to spend money
- I think that politicians are often parsimonious with the (= do not tell the complete) truth.
11. evasive:not honest or direct
- She gave an evasive answer.
12. detrimental:causing damage or injury
- These chemicals have a detrimental effect/impact on the environment.
13. belligerent:angry and aggressive : feeling or showing readiness to fight
- become belligerent, or get swayed easily.
14. fiduciary:relating to or involving trust (such as the trust between a customer and a professional)
-  Your HR contact is a professional negotiator, whose fiduciary duty is to the company.
15. rugged:having a rough, uneven surface
- the rugged surface of the moon
16. mandatory:required by a law or rule
- For unchecked exception , handling is mandatory.
17. ostensible:seeming or said to be true or real but very possibly not true or real
- The ostensible [=apparent] purpose of the article is to encourage young adults to vote.
17. ostensibly
- Rous published 60 scientific papers after his ostensible retirement.
18. intractable:not easily managed, controlled, or solved
- we discuss strategies for coping with computationally intractable problems in Section 4.4 on Page 41.
- We are facing an intractable problem.
19. indecisive:not able to make choices quickly and confidently
- Don't be indecisive
20. pitiless:very cruel : having or showing no pity
- They soliders were pitiless toward their enemy.


### 19
1. immaterial:not important or significant
- Whether the book is well or badly written is immaterial (to me) - it has an important message.
2. worrisome:causing people to worry
- The possibility of fire is especially worrisome for people who live on the edge of the forest.
3. virulent:full of hate or anger
- virulent racists/racism
4. incognito:with your true identity kept secret (as by using a different name or a disguise)
- during your probationary period should aim to be as incognito as possible.
5. perpendicular:going straight up or to the side at a 90 degree angle from another line or surface
- a perpendicular line
6. doom:v,to make (someone or something) certain to fail, suffer, die, etc.
- A criminal record will doom your chances of becoming a politician.
6. doomed
- The plan was doomed from the start.
- Greedy approaches are doomed.
7. narcissistic:formal + disapproving,loving and admiring yourself and especially your appearance too much
- a narcissistic young actor
8. pompous:having or showing the attitude of people who speak and behave in a very formal and serious way because they believe that they are better, smarter, or more important than other people
-  A pompous [=self-important] politician
9. obsolete:no longer used because something newer exists
- obsolete [=outdated] computers
- One of the main challenges is to keep yourself updated and not become obsolete.
10. cumulative:including or adding together all of the things that came before
- Their cumulative [=total, overall] scores will determine the winner.
11. exterior:located on the outside of something
- The exterior of the house needs painting.
12. facile:disapproving,too simple : not showing enough thought or effort
- He does not permit himself facile answers.
13. uneasy:worried or unhappy about something
- I feel a little uneasy about asking her to do me such a big favour.
14. wary:not having or showing complete trust in someone or something that could be dangerous or cause trouble
- I'm a little wary of/about giving people my address when I don't know them very well.
15. deterministic
16. intricate:having many parts,complex
- The code for computing the position for each character in the final result in a single pass is intricate.
17. baleful:harmful or deadly
- the baleful effects/consequences of water pollution
18. arcane:secret or mysterious : known or understood by only a few people
- an arcane ritual
19. adequate:enough for some need or requirement
- Your performance has been adequate.
20. shrill:having a very loud, high-pitched sound
- You're right, sometimes when she is tired, She can be a little bit shrill.(尖锐)


### 20
1. chronological:arranged in the order that things happened or came to be
2. mundane:dull and ordinary
- The show was just another mundane family sitcom.
3. hysterical:feeling or showing extreme and uncontrolled emotion : marked by hysteria
- Calm down, you're getting hysterical.
- You're so educated, aren't you, toby? So trained to deal with a hysterical woman.
4. judgemental:disapproving : tending to judge people too quickly and critically
- You must try not to be so judgmental about people.
- He's judgmental about everyone except himself.
5. perky:lively in manner or appearance,cheerful and lively.
- You look very perky this morning.
6. gross:including everything
- A person's gross income is the money they earn before tax is deducted from it.
-  extremely unpleasant:
- "Oh, gross!" she said, looking at the flies buzzing above the piles of dirty plates.
8. inconsiderate:not thinking about the rights and feelings of other people : not considerate
- Our neighbours are very inconsiderate - they're always playing loud music late at night.
9. prudent:having or showing careful good judgment
- He always listened to her prudent advice.
- You made a prudent choice.
10. indescribable:impossible to describe : very great or extreme
- It was indescribable.
11. screwed:in a difficult or hopeless situation; ruined or broken.
- We are screwed. Branch is being shut down.
12. posh:very attractive, expensive, and popular.
- posh restaurant( (of places and things) expensive and of high quality)
13. saucy:rude usually in a lively and playful way
- a saucy child
14. pungent:having a strong, sharp taste or smell
- a pungent sauce
15. grumpy:easily annoyed or angered : having a bad temper or complaining often
- a grumpy old man
16. cushy:very easy and pleasant : involving little difficulty or effort
- cushy job
17. nifty:very good, useful, or attractive
- a nifty pair of shoes.
18. amicable:showing a polite and friendly desire to avoid disagreement and argument
- Carol and I split up amicably.
19. fiscal:of or relating to money and especially to the money a government, business, or organization earns, spends, and owes.
- fiscal sense
20. merciless:having or showing no mercy : very cruel or harsh
- a merciless killer


### 21
1. subsequent:happening or coming after something else
- In subsequent years he said he regretted his actions.
2. introspection:n,the process of examining your own thoughts or feelings
2. introspective
- introspective/outgoing.
3. yearling:an animal (such as a horse) that is between one and two years old
- yearling calf
4. exuberant/exuberance:very lively, happy, or energetic : filled with energy and enthusiasm.
- irrational exuberance.
- His exuberant personality makes him fun to be around.
5. pessimistic:having or showing a lack of hope for the future
- I'm pessimistic about our chances of winning.
5. optimistic
6. telltale:always used before a noun,indicating that something exists or has occurred.revealing, indicating, or betraying something.
- She found lipstick on his shirts - the telltale sign that he was having an affair.
7. tangled:twisted together into a knot
- crazy tangled code.
8. loopy:stange or silly
9. compulsory:required by a law or rule
- Swimming was compulsory at my school.
10. intermittent:starting, stopping, and starting again : not constant or steady
- intermittent rain
11. snappy:exciting or lively
12. turbulent/turbulence:full of confusion, violence, or disorder : not stable or steady
- After my parents’ turbulent marriage came to an end, we finally had peace in our house.
13. courageous:very brave : having or showing courage
- What a courageous venture.
14. infantile:disapproving : annoying and childish : very silly in a way that is not appropriate or polite
- The more infantile, the more upset he is.
15. hypercritical:criticizing other people or things too strongly or too often
16. vacant:not filled, used, or lived in
- Why don't we just leave that position vacant? Truth be told, I think I thrive under a lack of accountability.
17. discretionary:available to be used when and how you decide
- She has enough discretionary income [=income that is left after paying for things that are essential, such as food and housing] to pay for a nice vacation each year.
18. slick:very smooth and slippery
- What are you talking about? Very slick.
19. classy:having qualities that make someone or something special and attractive
- You look so classy in that picture.
20. absorbent:able to take in and hold liquid : able to absorb liquid
- absorbent paper.


### 22
1. dainty:small and pretty
- you just have little dainty fingers.
2. lopsided:having one side that is lower or smaller than the other.uneven or unequal
- Feel a little lopsided 'cause of all the blood they took out of my right side.
3. sweaty:causing you to sweat
- I get very nervous talking to pretty girls.Seriously.Feel how sweaty my hand is.
4. woozy:slightly dizzy, sick, or weak
- May i have a chocolate chip cookie? I gave blood earlier and i'm still feeling woozy.
5. thrifty:managing or using money in a careful or wise way
- They have plenty of money now, but they still tend to be thrifty.
6. thirsty:having an uncomfortable feeling because you need something to drink : feeling thirst
- Spark were thirsty for memory and processing power.
7. saturate:v,to make (something) very wet
- However, things like backups, rebuilds, etc. can completely saturate it due to how much memory and SSD storage is present, so it does serve a purpose.
8. courteous:very polite in a way that shows respect.
- The clerk were helpful and courteous.
9. perishable:likely to spoil or decay quickly : not likely to stay fresh for a long time if not eaten or used
- perishable food
10. stealthy:quiet and secret in order to avoid being noticed
- the stealthy movements of the crocodile.
11. disastrous:causing great suffering or loss
- His failure to back up the computer files had disastrous consequences.
12. deliberate:done or said in a way that is planned or intended : done or said on purpose
- I don't think that was a mistake;I think it was deliberate.
13. wholehearted:having or showing no doubt or uncertainty about doing something, supporting someone, etc.
- I wholeheartedly agree.
14. expository:used to describe writing that is done to explain something
- I'm taking an expository writing class this semester.
15. elusive:hard to find or capture.hard to understand, define, or remember
- elusive creatures
- the elusiveness of truth.
16. pressing:very important and needing immediate attention : urgent.
- For pressing matters, contact me on my cell phone at (650) 773-2003.
17. outlandish:very strange or unusual : extremely different from what is normal or expected
- She liked to dress in outlandish clothes.
18. expansive:talking a lot
- He was in an expansive mood on the night of the party.
19. commensurate:equal or similar to something in size, amount, or degree
- A salary that is commensurate with skills and experience
- The increase in demand caused a commensurate [=proportionate] increase in prices.
20. ecstatic:very happy or excited : feeling or showing ecstasy
- He was ecstatic when he heard that he was going to be a father.


### 23
1. conversant:used to say that someone knows about something or has experience with it — + with. able to talk in a foreign language
- I'm not conversant with the rules of chess.
2. attainable:achievable
- make the goal attainable.
3. inclined:not used before a noun:wanting to do something or likely to do something
- No one seemed inclined to help.
4. blatant:very obvious and offensive
- His behavior showed a blatant lack of respect.
5. permissive:giving people a lot of freedom or too much freedom to do what they want to do
- Amazon has been traditionally been quite permissive when it comes to English speaking skills.
6. plausible:possibly true,believable or realistic
7. prodigious
- amazoning or wonderful: very impressive. a prodigious achievement/effort/talent
- very big.a prodigious amount
8. pictorial:always used before a noun,of or relating to painting or drawing
- The exhibition is a pictorial history/record of the town in the 19th century.
9. retractable
- retractable cover
10. disparate:different from each other
- The two cultures were so utterly disparate that she found it hard to adapt from one to the other.
11. complacent:satisfied with how things are and not wanting to change them
- We have grwon too complacent over the years.
12. shabby:in poor condition especially because of age or use
- The furniture was old and shabby.
13. introvert:n,a shy person 
13. introverted
- an introverted person
14. illiterate:not knowing how to read or write
- an illiterate person.
15. touchy:easily hurt or upset by the things that people think or say about you : sensitive
- Don't be so touchy.(sensitive). I was just kidding.
16. nauseous:feeling like you are about to vomit
- I began to feel nauseous.
17. stiff:difficult to bend or move
- stiff,lifeless body.
18. repulsive:causing strong dislike or disgust
- I now find you repulsive.
19. allergic:of or relating to an allergy
- I'm allergic to cats.
20. meteoric:very sudden or fast
- I'm not saying I had a meteoric rise.


### 24
1. superstitious:of, relating to, or influenced by superstition
- Some people are superstitious about spilling salt on the table.
2. ravenous:very hungry
- John was ravenous by lunch time since he didn't eat breakfast.
3. sassy:having or showing a rude lack of respect
- sassy children
4. jolly:full of happiness and joy : happy and cheerful
- Feisty So she's not jolly or sassy?
5. grabby:tending to take things in a quick and selfish way : greedy
- You need to learn to share and not be so grabby.
6. simultaneous:happening at the same time
- simultaneous events
7. jaded:feeling or showing a lack of interest and excitement caused by having done or experienced too much of something.
- He became jaded from years of work as a police officer.
8. flustered:upset or nervous
- She seemed flustered when he asked about her past.
9. witty:funny and clever
- a witty talk/remark
10. infamous:well-known for being bad : known for evil acts or crimes
- a city infamous for poverty and crime.
11. inferior/inferiority:of poor quality : low or lower in quality
- an inferior performer/performance
12. hungover:suffering from a hangover after drinking alcohol.
- That was a great party last night, but I'm (feeling) really hungover this morning.
13. standoffish:not friendly toward other people
- She tends to be a bit standoffish with strangers.
14. parasitic:of an animal or plant : living in or on another animal or plant and getting food or protection from it
- Either way, these loops are often parasitic and limiting.
15. crap:of poor quality : not good
- This car is crap.
16. subconscious:existing in the part of the mind that a person is not aware of
- Subconsciously, you may also compensate by choosing smaller, more realistic goals, and that's unfortunate.Plus, it's unpleasant.
17. religious:of or relating to religion
- They used the site religiously and I had to lie and tell them that things were great.
18. myopic:not able to clearly see objects that are far away : affected with myopia : nearsighted
- But that myopic view misses out on the larger purpose and mission of the machine.
- He has criticized the government's myopic(shortsighted) diplomatic policies.
19. heroic:of or relating to heroes
- It was heroic of those women to fight for the right to vote.
20. extrinsic:not part of something : coming from the outside of something
- One of the problems with having a goal-oriented,extrinsic mindset is that it treats the time between now and task completion as an annoying obstacle to be endured.


### 25
1. renowned:known and admired by many people for some special quality or achievement
- a renowned scientist
2. sarcastic:using or showing sarcasm
- Ryan has done a very good job. And I'm not applauding sarcastically.
3. carnal:of or relating to the body : sexual or sensual
- carnal desires/pleasures
4. unripe:not fully grown or developed : not yet ready to eat : not ripe
- unripe fruit
5. feisty:not afraid to fight or argue : very lively and aggressive
- She's gorgeous and she's got a feisty personality.
6. frosty:cold enough to produce frost
- a frosty night.
7. blunt:having a thick edge or point : not sharp
- scissors with blunt.
8. innocent:not guilty of a crime or other wrong act
- He says that he is innocent of the crime.
9. showy:having an appearance that attracts attention
- non-showy cars
10. hammered:very drunk
- They got/were hammered last night.
11. voluntary/voluntarily:done or given because you want to and not because you are forced to : done or given by choice
- They have to do it voluntarily.
12. tacky:not socially proper or acceptable
- You won't be able to plan your stupid, tacky parties anymore.
13. berserk:crazy and violent especially because of anger
- berserk behavior
14. petrified:very afraid or frightened of something : unable to move or act because you are afraid
- “Are you afraid?” “I'm not just afraid, I'm petrified.”
15. precious:rare and worth a lot of money
16. goofy:crazy or silly
- SHe was making goofy faces at us in class.
17. climactic:most exciting and important : forming a climax
- At the climactic moment, the main character of the novel finds herself face to face with the thief.
17. anticlimactic:something that is much less exciting or dramatic than it was expected to be : a dull or disappointing ending or result. anticlimax,n.
- The last chapter of the book was an anticlimax.
18. shattered:very shocked and upset
- The end of his marriage left him emotionally shattered.
19. mischievous:causing or tending to cause annoyance or minor harm or damage
- a mischievous child/smile
20. gritty:having or showing a lot of courage and determination.
- I admire her gritty determination to succeed.


### 26
1. sage:very wise
- I need your sage advice.
2. principled:having, based on, or relating to strong beliefs about what is right and wrong
- a principled person [=a person who has strong moral principles; a person who tries to do what is morally right]
3. effortless
- showing or needing little or no effort : appearing very easy.
4. contemplative:involving, allowing, or causing deep thought
- She's in a contemplative mood today.
5. icky:having a very unpleasant quality
- an icky taste.
6. abrasive:causing damage or wear by rubbing, grinding, or scraping : of or relating to abrasion.
- A number of your clients found your personal style abrasive and distasteful.
7. tireless:working very hard with a lot of energy for a long time : never seeming to get tired
- Tony is a tireless worker.
8. queasy:having a sick feeling in the stomach : suffering from nausea
- The boat ride made me a little queasy.
9. downhill:adj/adv
- a downhill path/slope
- It is easier to ride a bike downhill than uphill.
10. desirable:having good or pleasing qualities : worth having or getting
- The house is in a highly desirable location.
11. pricey:expensive
- That's very pricey.
12. astronomical:of or relating to astronomy
- Our burn rate is astronomical.
- the number of paths is astronomical.
13. laudable:deserving praise
- Improving the schools is a laudable goal.
14. tolerant:willing to accept feelings, habits, or beliefs that are different from your own.
- I'm a pretty tolerant boss.
15. consequential:1)important2)happening as a result
15. inconsequential:not important.
- The company is considering layoffs but hopes to avoid a consequential loss in productivity. [=a loss in productivity because of the layoffs]
- His opinion is inconsequential.
16. mega:1)very large : vast 2)very popular, successful, or important
- a mega electronics store
17. frugal/frugality:careful about spending money or using things when you do not need to : using money or supplies in a very careful way
- We have to be frugal with our glue so that it doesn't run out.
18. untenable:not capable of being defended against attack or criticism : not tenable
- They're untenable. 他们太不着调了.
18. tenable:capable of being defended against attack or criticism
- The theory is no longer tenable. [=defensible]
19. unmistakable:not capable of being mistaken or misunderstood
- The evidence is unmistakable.
20. mellow:1)pleasantly rich, full, or soft : not harsh, bright, or irritating 2)very calm and relaxed
- a mellow mood/atmosphere


### 27
1. bogus:not real or genuine : fake or false.
- how do we make sure that it's not a bogus response?
2. aesthetic:of or relating to art or beauty
- share a similar aesthetic.
3. shameful:very bad : bad enough to make someone ashamed
4. numb:unable to feel anything in a particular part of your body because of cold, injury, etc
- Give it a week or two, you'll get, like, numb to it.
5. significant:large enough to be noticed or have an effect
6. erotic:relating to sex
- an erotic [=sexual] relationship
- The first fiction ever published on a printing press was an  erotic tale.
7. airtight:tightly sealed so that no air can get in or out
- Biscuits will stay crisp if you keep them in an airtight container.
8. pointless:having no meaning, purpose, or effect
- It seemed pointless to continue.
9. assertive:confident in behavior or style.
- I, uh, don't wanna be too assertive here but I could use your input on a few things for the business plan.
10. statutory:controlled or determined by a law or rule
- statutory obligations
11. cautionary:giving a warning about a possible danger, problem, etc.
- The story is a cautionary tale of what can happen when greed takes over.
12. diabolical:1) extremely evil 2)very unpleasant, bad, or annoying
- I know about your diabolical plan.
13. doctoral:always used before a noun,of or relating to the highest degree that is given by a university.
- a doctoral degree
14. ingrained:existing for a long time and very difficult to change : firmly established
- These attitudes are very deeply ingrained in the culture.
15. doable:able to be done
- It will be difficult, but it's still doable.
16. literally:used to stress that a statement or description is true and accurate even though it may be surprising
- He was literally [=truly, actually] insane.
16. figuratively
17. canonical:1)connected with or allowed by the laws of the Christian church 2)of or relating to the group of books, plays, poems, etc., that are traditionally considered to be very important
- Another canonical example where an ordering on the nodes of the graph matters is for program build dependencies.
18. secluded:hidden from view : private and not used or seen by many people
- a secluded beach
19. forensic:relating to the use of scientific knowledge or methods in solving crimes
- forensic medicine
20. sadism:n,especially:sexual enjoyment from hurting or punishing someone.
20. sadistic adj/sadist(虐待狂)


### 28
1. participatory:formal,providing the opportunity for people to be involved in deciding how something is done
- participatory democracy
2. volatile:likely to change in a very sudden or extreme way
- The stock market can be very volatile.
2. volatility,n.
- There are many stories about his volatility and volcanic temper.
3. skewed:1)not true or accurate 2)not straight.
- skewed tree.
4. residual:formal,remaining after a process has been completed or something has been removed.
- Residual oil has to be cleaned up.
5. congruent:formal,matching or in agreement with something
5. incongruent:incompatible
- Our goals are congruent; there is no conflict.
6. composed:calm and in control of your emotions:not feeling or showing anger, fear, etc.
- She looked remarkably composed throughout the funeral.
7. morally:adv,according to what is considered right and good by most people.
- She behaved in a way that was morally wrong/right.
8. juvenile:disapproving : unpleasantly childish : immature
- She criticized his juvenile behavior at the party.
9. horrendous:very bad or unpleasant:horrible
- This would be horrendously complicated, so don't even start going down this road.
10. vicious:very violent and cruel.
- They're vicious beasts and they chase you down the street.
11. prime:1)most important : primary 2)of the highest quality or value : excellent
- you're asking them to spend the primes of their lives on your vision.
12. candid:expressing opinions and feelings in an honest and sincere way
- Leaders listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully.
12. candidly:adverb
- She spoke candidly about some of the difficulties she had been experiencing.
13. tactical:of, relating to, or used for a specific plan that is created to achieve a particular goal in war, politics, etc.
- tactical response team 技术响应小队
14. petty:not very important or serious
- kind of petty.小题大做
- I'm the petty one.
15. posthaste:adv,very quickly : with great speed — used after a verb
- Fine, I'll call the repairman,and he will come here and fix it posthaste.
16. edgy:nervous and tense
- It's just so edgy.
- a very edgy artist.
17. trippy:informal,relating to or like the strange mental effects experienced by someone who has taken a powerful drug
18. twofold:twice as much or as many
- a twofold increase in spending
19. minuscule:very small
- a minuscule [=tiny] house/apartment/garden
20. envious:feeling or showing a desire to have what someone else has : feeling or showing envy
- Having the ability to work is something I am envious of!


### 29
1. compassionate:feeling or showing concern for someone who is sick, hurt, poor, etc. : having or showing compassion.
- a very compassionate person
2. brawn:n,muscular strength — usually used to compare physical strength to intelligence
- When it comes to men, she prefers brains over brawn. [=she likes smart men better than muscular ones]
2. brawny
- She would wrap her brawny legs around me and squeeze until I almost couldn't breathe.
- He was a big brawny man with huge hands.
3. fearless:not afraid : very brave
4. aside:adv,to or toward the side.
- Stand aside, please, and let these people pass.
5. obsessive:thinking about something or someone too much or in a way that is not normal : having an obsession.
- Many dancers are obsessive about their weight.
6. unconvincing:not able to make you believe that something is true, real, or acceptable : not convincing
- His arguments for changing the rules were unconvincing.
7. logarithmic
- Each operation costs logarithmic time complexity in the sliding window which size is min(k, n).
8. consecutive:following one after the other in a series : following each other without interruption
- We had unusually cold temperatures for five consecutive [=successive] days.
9. invariant:never changing.
- traits that are invariant throughout all mammals
- To prove the correctness of the algorithm, we define the loop invariant.
10. sheer:1) always used before a noun — used to emphasize the large amount, size, or degree of something 2)always used before a noun : complete and total
- sheer [=utter] nonsense
- I underestimated the sheer amount of effort it would take, and the toll it would have on my team.
11. futile:having no result or effect : pointless or useless
- I support you,no matter how futile the effort. 我支持你,不管这招多没用.
- All our efforts proved futile.
12. stuffy:lacking fresh air
- a stuffy attic/room
13. savvy:having practical understanding or knowledge of something
- Children today are much more tech-savvy than their grandparents.
14. time-honored:(of a custom or tradition) respected or valued because it has existed for a long time.
- One time-honoured startegy is to provide useful business intelligence to your target audience.
15. impeccable:flawless/perfect
- The company's approach was a relatively crude but funny video, presented by the founder with impeccable comic timing around the strapline."Our blades are fucking great."
- He speaks impeccable [=perfect] English.
16. haunted: 1) lived in or visited by ghosts 2)troubled or upset
- If you use a Mac and Google's Chrome browser, you may occasionally be haunted by a ghoul that goes by the name of “Google Chrome Helper.”.
16. ghoul:n,: an evil creature in frightening stories that robs graves and eats dead bodies
17. painstaking:showing or done with great care and effort
- The book describes the election process in painstaking detail.
18. indigenous:produced, living, or existing naturally in a particular region or environment
- There are several indigenous groups that still live in the area.
19. inquisitive:tending to ask questions : having a desire to know or learn more
19. inquisition:n,a harsh and unfair investigation or series of questions
- She was very inquisitive [=curious] as a child.
- His political enemies were conducting an inquisition into the details of his personal life.
20. perpetual:continuing forever or for a very long time without stopping
- I will grant you a perpetual license to use the algorithm in your video chat.我会给你们永久使用许可.
- He seems to have a perpetual grin on his face.


### 30
1. trivial:not important
1. trivia:n,unimportant facts or details
- many firms will ask so-called "trivia" questions
- Grant approveal when remaining fixes are trivial.
2. needless:not needed or necessary — used to describe something bad that did not have to happen
- This adds needless code review rounds, wasting time for both author and reviewer.
3. brusque:talking or behaving in a very direct, brief, and unfriendly way
- She asked for a cup of coffee and received a brusque reply: “We don't have any.”
4. legible:capable of being read : clear enough to be read
- It's just for us to write in a more easier way, more legible way, so that our code looks nicer.
5. erratic:acting, moving, or changing in ways that are not expected or usual : not consistent or regular
- so far your effort to land a summer job has been very erratic.
- Your behavior in the last two years has been completely erratic[=irregular, random].
6. bizarre/bizarrely:very unusual or strange
- You would expect reviewers to dial up their politeness in reviews, but bizarrely I've found them to go the opposite direction.
7. spontaneous:done or said in a natural and often sudden way and without a lot of thought or planning
7. spontaneity,n.
- Lists can close you off to spontaneity and exploration of things you didn't plan for.
8. superfluous:beyond what is needed:not necessary
- Everything else is superfluous.
- Further discussion seemed superfluous.
9. rhetorical:of a question : asked in order to make a statement rather than to get an answer.
- rhetorical question.
10. dutiful:doing what is expected of you
10. dutifully:adv.
- I dutifully recorded all of the issues I spotted.
11. hectic:very busy and filled with activity
- documentation is going to be hectic only for me
12. inimical:likely to cause damage or have a bad effect : harmful — usually + to
- Is any of this inimical to the use of architecture?
- his father's inimical glare
13. foolproof:done, made, or planned so well that nothing can go wrong
- DNA fingerprinting gives police a virtually foolproof way to link a suspect to a crime scene.
- We now have a foolproof schema that has good defaults and validation.
- Now this token is not foolproof.
14. up–front:1)not keeping anything secret or hidden : honest and direct. 2)used to refer to money that is paid in advance
- She's very upfront about why she wants the job - she'd earn a lot more money.
15. nowhere:adv,not in or at any place.
- node modules directory is nowhere in sight.
- The book is nowhere to be found.
- Arguing will get us nowhere.
- I have nowhere to go.
16. cryptic:difficult to understand : having or seeming to have a hidden meaning
- Now when you run that command you're going to get a lot of cryptic output.
17. choppy 1)rough with small waves. 2)marked by sudden stops and starts : not connected smoothly.
- choppy water
- She tended to write in short choppy sentences.
18. fictitious:not true or real
- She gave a fictitious address on the application.
- The characters in the book are all fictitious.
19. hilarious:very funny.
- Some people don't like his comedy, but I think he's hilarious.
- 39 Super Hilarious Pictures
- hilarious prank.
- It's hilarious.
20. uncluttered:not filled or covered with unnecessary things : not cluttered
- In order to keep the diagram uncluttered, you can repeat data stores and external entities.
- Her desk is always neat and uncluttered.
20. clutter:v,to fill or cover (something) with many things : to fill or cover (something) with clutter.
- a very cluttered attic/desk/office/room


### 31
1. cavalier:having or showing no concern for something that is important or serious
- They are too cavalier in their treatment of others.
- She has a cavalier attitude about spending money.
- The writer is very cavalier [=careless] about the truth.
2. vexation:n,something that worries or annoys you
2. vexing:causing or likely to cause vexation
- a vexing problem [=an irritating/annoying problem]
3. opinionated:adj,often disapproving,expressing strong beliefs or judgments about something : having or showing strong opinions
- Those talk shows want opinionated pundits, not cautious, diffident debaters.
4. flaky:1)tending to form or break apart into thin pieces 2)unusual or strange.crazy or eccentric.
- Networking was pretty flaky in SoftLayer
- flaky ideas about taxes.
5. relentless:1)continuing without becoming weaker, less severe, etc. 2)remaining strict or determined.
- Her relentless optimism held the team together.
- Leaders have relentlessly high standards - many people may think these standards are unreasonably high.
6. unrelenting:1)not slowing down, stopping, or growing weaker 2)used to describe someone who does something in a constant and determined way without stopping or becoming less forceful.
- that professor tends to be unrelenting about deadlines
- She has endured unrelenting [=relentless] criticism.
7. fuzzy:not clear:not sharp or distinct.
7. fuzz,n.
- Without my glasses everything looks fuzzy.
8. seasoned:always used before a noun : having a lot of experience doing something.
- it's also a good refresher for the seasoned Java developer.
9. patriotic:having or showing great love and support for your country : having or showing patriotism.
9. patriot,n
- Let’s think of the British government I’m always thinking about the British government part of my patriotic duty.
10. unfettered:not controlled or restricted
- unfettered [=free] access
11. defective:having a problem or fault that prevents something from working correctly : having a defect or flaw.
- This computer is defective. I want my money back.
- Our car had defective [=faulty] brakes, so we had them replaced.
12. handicapped:sometimes offensive : having a physical or mental condition that limits what a person can do : having a handicap.
- He has been handicapped since his motorcycle accident.
13. akin:similar or related
- something akin to gratitude overwhelmed her
- foxes are closely akin to dogs
- The two languages are closely akin.
14. superb:extremely good : excellent or brilliant in a very noticeable way
- a superb performance.
- They've done a superb job.
15. daunting:tending to make people afraid or less confident : very difficult to do or deal with.
- a daunting [=intimidating, overwhelming] task
- Few things are more daunting than having to speak in front of a large crowd.
16. blazing:very hot, fast, or powerful
- She runs with blazing speed.
- the blazing logs in the fireplace cast a warm glow on our holiday party
17. dizzy:feeling that you are turning around in circles and are going to fall even though you are standing still
- The children were dizzy after spinning in circles.
- a dizzying mix of cloud apps.
18. eloquent:having or showing the ability to use language clearly and effectively. eloquently adv.
- an eloquent writer and speaker, Elizabeth Cady Stanton was one of the founders of the women's rights movement
- eloquent presentation
19. explicit:very clear and complete : leaving no doubt about the meaning
- They were given explicit instructions.
- the speaker's intentions were not made explicit
20. ignorant:lacking knowledge or information.
- This is unbelievably patronising, ignorant and plain stupid.

### 32
1. extraneous: 1)not forming a necessary part of something. 2)not important
- extraneous [=irrelevant] information/details
- An unlocked phone also means cleaner software, with no extraneous apps pre-installed by your carrier.
2. caustic:very harsh and critical
- She wrote a caustic report about the decisions that led to the crisis.
3. cozy:small, comfortable, and warm
- The room was warm and cozy.
4. foremost:most important
- Safety is their foremost concern.
5. jealous:feeling or showing jealousy.
- They were jealous of his success.
6. awful:extremely bad or unpleasant.
- the place smelled awful
7. invaluable:extremely valuable or useful
7. indispensable:extremely important and necessary
- Their help has been invaluable to us.
8. heterogeneous:made up of parts that are different.opposite: homogeneous.
- an ethnically heterogeneous population
9. meager:1) very small or too small in amount 2)not having enough of something (such as money or food) for comfort or happiness.
9. copious:always used before a noun,very large in amount or number.
- She came to this country with a fairly meager English vocabulary, but she is learning more words every day.
- The storm produced a copious amount of rain.
- she took copious notes
10. didactic:1)designed or intended to teach people something 2)usually disapproving — used to describe someone or something that tries to teach something (such as proper or moral behavior) in a way that is annoying or unwanted
- Audiences were turned off by the movie's didactic quality.
11. astray:adv,off the right path or route — usually used with go.
- They marked the trail so hikers wouldn't go astray. [=become lost]
12. unlit:not having any light shining so you can see,dark.
- the path unlit.
13. insidious:causing harm in a way that is gradual or not easily noticed
- Most people with this insidious disease have no idea that they are infected.
14. vocational:relating to the special skills, training, etc., that you need for a particular job or occupation.
- they are merely[only, just] vocational
15. desirous:wanting or wishing for something very much : feeling desire for something — usually + of.
- Deepak is highly desirous to learn new things.
16. fallacious:containing a mistake,not true or accurate.
- His argument is based on fallacious reasoning.
17. scrappy: 1)ready or eager to fight. 2)not organized or done well
- I'm afraid your last essay was a very scrappy piece of work.
- Teams are scrappy yet thoughtful.
18. crappy:informal + impolite,of poor quality,not good.
- MySpace had some crappy pages for brands that mirrored a user's profile but it wasn't very engaging.
19. sketchy:1)likely to be bad or dangerous 2)not complete or clear
- It just feels sketchy.不靠谱.
- The details about the accident are still a little sketchy.
- a sketchy neighborhood
20. judicious:having or showing good judgment,wise.
- I made some judicious edits to capture your voice.
- You have multiple meeting rooms in the office and you want to make judicious use of them.


### 33
1. irresistible:impossible to resist especially because of strength or attractiveness
- Women find him irresistible.
2. newfangled:always used before a noun,recently invented or developed and hard to understand.
- I really don't understand these newfangled computer games that my grandchildren play.
3. overwrought:very excited or upset
- The witness became overwrought as she described the crime.
4. ballistic 1)to become very angry 2)to become very excited
- Dad went ballistic when he saw the dent in his car.
- The crowd was going ballistic. [=going wild]
5. consensual:agreed to by the people involved : done with the consent of the people involved.
- consensual sex
6. vertical/horizontal
7. partial:not complete or total
- The partial ban on immigration has been lifted.
8. bumpy:of a surface : having or covered with bumps
9. affirmative:saying or showing that the answer is “yes” rather than “no”
- She gave an affirmative answer, not a negative answer.
10. empirical:based on testing or experience. adv,empirically
- They collected plenty of empirical data/evidence from their experiments.
11. effectual:producing a desired result or effect
- an effectual [=effective] remedy
11. ineffectual:not producing or able to produce the effect you want
- You're being weak and ineffectual.
12. debatable:used to say that something may or may not be true or real
- Whether the report is entirely accurate is debatable.
13. matey:friendly
- a boss who is matey with his staff
14. surreal:very strange or unusual : having the quality of a dream
- Driving through the total darkness was a slightly surreal experience.
15. wonky:US, informal + sometimes disapproving 1)having or showing a lot of interest in and knowledge about the details of a particular subject : having the qualities of a wonk 2)very boring or complicated  3)not working correctly : not reliable or stable
- a wonky bureaucrat in the State Department
- She enjoys reading about tax law and other wonky stuff.
- One of the legs on this chair is a bit wonky.
16. delish:delicious
- The whole meal was delish.
17. perverse:wrong or different in a way that others feel is strange or offensive
- Jack was being perverse and refusing to agree with anything we said.
18. tender:very loving and gentle : showing affection and love for someone or something.
- What you need is some tender loving care.
19. obnoxious:unpleasant in a way that makes people feel offended, annoyed, or disgusted
- When she's in a bad mood she's obnoxious to everyone.
20. monolithic


### 34
1. frigid 1)very cold 2)not friendly or loving : lacking emotional warmth 3)of a woman : not wanting to have sex : not enjoying sex
- She was born into an emotionally frigid family.
2. shady:giving or providing shade
- a shady tree
3. nefarious:evil or immoral.
- The company's CEO seems to have been involved in some nefarious practices/activities.
4. enamored:in a state in which you love, admire, or are very interested in something or someone.usually + of or with.
- I became completely enamored of [=fascinated with] the island and its people.
- Not everyone is enamored of steak.
5. interracial:involving people of different races.
- an interracial marriage/relationship
6. humungous/humongous:very large,huge
- a humongous dish of ice cream
7. symmetrical:having sides or halves that are the same : having or showing symmetry
8. insatiable:always wanting more,not able to be satisfied.
- Like so many politicians, he had an insatiable appetite/desire/hunger for power.
9. horny:1) informal,sexually excited 2)hard and tough
- horny skin
- horny teenagers
10. gruesome:causing horror or disgust
- a gruesome murder
11. psychotic:having or relating to a very serious mental illness that makes you act strangely or believe things that are not true : relating to or suffering from psychosis.
11. psychotic:n,a person who suffers from a very serious mental illness : a psychotic person.
- "I like your dress, but I'd like it more if you had prettier hair." That's psychotic.
- His father is a psychotic.
12. whimsy:n,a playful or amusing quality : a sense of humor or playfulness.
- It will be a day for them that is full of whimsy and full of excitement and full of fantasy.
13. reversible/irreversible:able to be changed back to an earlier or original state
- Fortunately, the damage is reversible.
14. chipper:informal + somewhat old-fashioned,cheerful and lively.
- Angela, you're more chipper than usual.
15. deleterious:damaging or harmful
- The chemical is deleterious to the environment.
16. effeminate:having or showing qualities that are considered more suited to women than to men : not manly.
- We have a lot to do, and you are putting up a very effeminate sign.
17. festive:cheerful and exciting : suited to a celebration or holiday.
- The house looks very festive during the holidays.
18. arduous:very difficult
- He went through a long and arduous training program.
19. cordial:politely pleasant and friendly.
- I just invited jim to suck it,and i am cordially inviting all of you to a special convention.
- The two nations have maintained cordial relations.
20. monstrous:1) extremely or unusually large : gigantic. 2)very wrong or unfair
- It was monstrous of him to keep the truth from them all those years.


### 35
1. obscene:1) relating to sex in an indecent or offensive way. 2)very offensive in usually a shocking way.
- the watermark was obscene and horrifying
2. masculine:of, relating to, or suited to men or boys
- She has a rather masculine [=mannish] voice/handshake.
3. intramural:existing or occurring within a particular group or organization (such as a school).
- intramural sports [=sports in which the students of one school compete against each other instead of competing against other schools]
4. jubilant:feeling or expressing great joy : very happy
- There was a jubilant feeling in Philadelphia when the Eagles won the Superbowl.
5. devoted:having strong love or loyalty for something or someone.
- The students of Hillside are devoted Eagles fans.
6. livid:very angry : furious.
- I was livid when the dog ruined the project I spent three weeks building.
7. ferocious:very fierce or violent.
- Amazon strongly believes that with the expansion rate of the company, the only way they can keep the company culture alive is by ferociously guarding their 14 leadership principles.
8. surmount:v,to deal with (a problem or a difficult situation) successfully
- Women often have to surmount [=overcome] social barriers to advance their careers.
8. surmountable
- Any challenge or difficult situation is always surmountable, once you apply yourself and play to your teams strengths.
9. confrontational:challenging or opposing someone especially in an angry way.
- We cannot afford to have confrontational situations.
10. tactful:careful not to offend or upset other people : having or showing tact
- Mentioning his baldness wasn't very tactful.
11. spacious:having a large amount of space
- New York's great, but spacious it is not.
- a spacious room
12. conventional:traditional or usual,common and ordinary : not unusual.
- The conventional wisdom of the time was that search was neither important,nor valuable.
13. ladylike:polite and quiet in a way that has traditionally been considered suited to a woman.
- encouraging young women to be more ladylike.
14. apprehensive: afraid that something bad or unpleasant is going to happen : feeling or showing fear or apprehension about the future.
- He was quite apprehensive [=fearful, uneasy] about the surgery.
15. suspicious:causing a feeling that something is wrong or that someone is behaving wrongly : causing suspicion.
- Mrs.Braun had a suspicious feeling about the stranger in the parking lot.
16. comical:causing laughter especially by being unusual or unexpected.
- The dog looked comical when he was running from the cat.
17. enthusiastic:feeling or showing strong excitement about something : filled with or marked by enthusiasm.
- We are all enthusiastic about participating in field day.
18. consolidate:v,to join or combine together into one thing
18. consolidated:merged
- As media power becomes consolidated , the potential for abuse becomes more serious.
19. dexterous:having or showing great skill or cleverness : showing dexterity.
19. dexterity:n,the ability to use your hands skillfully.
- a dexterous movement
- mental dexterity.
20. fungus:any one of a group of living things (such as molds, mushrooms, or yeasts) that often look like plants but have no flowers and that live on dead or decaying things.菌类.
20. fungal:of, relating to, or caused by a fungus.
- a fungal infection

### 36
1. probable:likely to happen or to be true but not certain.
- It is probable that life exists outside of our planet.
1. improbable:not probable : not likely to be true or to happen : unlikely.
- Accepting it as a gift, however improbable that may seem at the time.
2. acquainted: 1)having knowledge about something : having seen or experienced something — + with 2)having met : knowing each other in a personal or social way.
- Are you acquainted with the facts in this case?
- Are you two acquainted? [=have you met before?]
3. paranormal:very strange and not able to be explained by what scientists know about nature and the world.
- Some believe she had paranormal [=supernatural] powers.
4. subordinate:in a position of less power or authority than someone else.often + to.
- In some cultures, the welfare of the individual is subordinate to the welfare of the group.
4. insubordinate:not obeying authority : refusing to follow orders.
- Well,you know Stanley was openly insubordinate.
5. restless: 1)feeling nervous or bored and tending to move around a lot : not relaxed or calm. 2)unhappy about a situation and wanting change
- He started to feel restless and discontent in his job.
6. skeptical:having or expressing doubt about something (such as a claim or statement).
- I'm skeptical that he can win.
7. theoretical:relating to what is possible or imagined rather than to what is known to be true or real.
- Instead of debating theoretical scenarios, we agreed that if 10% of people used it post-launch that we would keep the feature.
8. frenetic:filled with excitement, activity, or confusion : wild or frantic
- The celebration was noisy and frenetic.
9. generic:of or relating to a whole group or class.
- “Flu” is sometimes used as a generic term/name for any illness caused by a virus.
10. shiny:having a smooth, shining, bright appearance
- a shiny new car
11. equitable: just or fair : dealing fairly and equally with everyone
- fighting for a more equitable distribution of funds.
12. costly:having a high price : costing a lot : expensive
- We use less costly materials in our products.
13. interdependent:related in such a way that each needs or depends on the other : mutually dependent.
- If you take an example of Kubernetes in a microservices architecture, if the applications or the services are stateful, they are interdependent.
14. shrunken:made smaller or shorter.
- So, for example, the newsfeed on mobile was really just a shrunken version of the desktop newsfeed.
15. outrageous:very bad or wrong in a way that causes anger : too bad to be accepted or allowed.
- This is outrageous! I will not put up with such treatment.
16. irrevocable:not capable of being changed : impossible to revoke
- She has made an irrevocable decision.
17. rudimentary: 1)basic or simple. 2)not very developed or advanced.
- He speaks rudimentary English.
18. paranoid:medical : of, relating to, or suffering from a mental illness that causes you to falsely believe that people are trying to harm you.偏执狂.
- a paranoid mental patient
19. fortuitous: 1)happening by chance 2)having or showing good luck : fortunate
- His presence there was entirely fortuitous.
20. inescapable:impossible to deny or avoid
- It's an inescapable truth that these problems have no easy solution.

### 37
1. blissful:extremely or completely happy : full of or causing bliss
- our blissful beach vacation
2. turnkey:complete and ready to be used.
Our thesis here is if we can make that pretty turnkey
3. spurious:not genuine, sincere, or authentic.fake,insincere.
- spurious facts
4. bummed:disappointed/sad
4. bummed:to cause (someone) to feel sad or disappointed — usually + out
- The news really bummed me out. = I was really bummed (out) by the news.
5. invincible:impossible to defeat or overcome : unbeatable
- an invincible army
6. ominous:suggesting that something bad is going to happen in the future
- an ominous threat of war
7. cogent:very clear and easy for the mind to accept and believe
- She offers some cogent [=convincing, persuasive] reasons for building new schools.
8. endemic:growing or existing in a certain place or region
- A wide variety of animal and plant species are endemic to this area.
9. conducive:making it easy, possible, or likely for something to happen or exist — + to.not used before a noun [more conducive; most conducive] formal
- Hot, dry weather is conducive to the spread of forest fires.
10. backhanded:not direct or sincere
- She paid me a backhanded compliment [=a compliment that was not really a compliment at all] when she said my work was “surprisingly good.”
- He paid me a backhanded compliment [=an indirect compliment] by imitating my style.
unilaterally
-  I mean, first, someone can't decide to unilaterally prevent you from trading a given DeFi asset. 
11. diametrically:completely or entirely
- His position on the issue is diametrically opposed to that of his partner. [=his position is the exact opposite of his partner's position]
12. ingenuous:having or showing the innocence, trust, and honesty that young people often have.
12. disingenuous:not truly honest or sincere : giving the false appearance of being honest or sincere
- an ingenuous smile/response
13. nimble:able to move quickly, easily, and lightly
- a nimble [=agile] dancer
14. newfangled:recently invented or developed and hard to understand
- newfangled gadgets
15. tenacious:not easily stopped or pulled apart : firm or strong
- The company has a tenacious hold on the market.
16. finicky: 1) very hard to please  2) requiring a lot of care or attention
- a complicated and finicky recipe
17. mind–numbing:very dull or boring
- mind-numbing work
18. unfathomable:impossible to understand
- His behavior is completely unfathomable.
19. rhetorical:of, relating to, or concerned with the art of speaking or writing formally and effectively especially as a way to persuade or influence people
- a rhetorical device/style
20. indisputable:impossible to question or doubt : not disputable
- He had indisputable [=unquestionable] proof that he had been there.

### 38
1. nonchalant:relaxed and calm in a way that shows that you do not care or are not worried about anything
- He was surprisingly nonchalant about winning the award.
2. obstinate:refusing to change your behavior or your ideas : stubborn.
- his obstinate refusal to obey
3. insurmountable:impossible to solve or get control of : impossible to overcome
- They were faced with several insurmountable obstacles/problems.
4. convulsive:causing the entire body to shake. 抽搐
- convulsive laughter
5. divisive:causing a lot of disagreement between people and causing them to separate into different groups
- It's a very divisive topic
6. flawed:having a mistake, fault, or weakness
- a flawed but decent man
7. indispensable:extremely important and necessary
- She is an indispensable [=essential] part of the team.
8. wondrous:causing wonder or amazement : very beautiful or impressive
- The artist can achieve wondrous [=wonderful] things with a paintbrush.
9. vexing
- a vexing problem [=an irritating/annoying problem]
10. horrendous:very bad or unpleasant : horrible
- Her grammar is horrendous.
11. sibilant/plosive
12. receptive:willing to listen to or accept ideas, suggestions, etc.
- be receptive and be open to listening.
13. exasperated:intensely irritated and frustrated.
- they are exhausted and exasperated.
14. hereditary:passed or able to be passed from parent to child before birth
- hereditary traits/diseases
15. provocative:causing discussion, thought, argument, etc. 2)causing sexual feelings or excitement : sexy
- provocative comments
16. boisterous:very noisy and active in a lively way
- A large and boisterous crowd attended the concert.
17. mellifluous:having a smooth, flowing sound
- mellifluous speech
18. sluggish: moving slowly or lazily
- Alice's Travel Guide Website is really slow and sluggish.
- And Alice is like, OK, that's weird because on my computer,
- it's really fast and snappy and responsive.
19. obtrusive: noticeable in an unpleasant or annoying way.
- The waiter was attentive without being obtrusive.
19. unobtrusive:not attracting attention in a way that bothers you
- covers up her own lightweight, unobtrusive ads.
20. negligible:very small or unimportant
- Google way back in 2010 was able to migrate to HTTPS,migrate all of g-mail to HTTPS, with a pretty negligible performance impact.
