### 1
1. replenish:to fill or build up (something) again.
- We'll replenish your account again the next time your balance falls below $5.00.
2. migrate/migration
- the migration steps.
- list of APIs being migrated
3. mitigate:to make (something) less severe, harmful, or painful.
- How does this CM attempt to mitigate this risk ?
- If your prod issue can be mitigated with a deployment rollback or weblab dialdown, we will require you to pursue that option first, before resorting to patching prod.
4. differentiate
- The only thing that differentiates the twins is the color of their eyes.
5. expedite:to cause (something) to happen faster
- They've asked the judge to expedite the lawsuits.
6. propagate
7. escalate
- Backlog items that can get escalated or cause big impacting issues should be addressed on priority.
8. retrofit:to provide (something) with new parts that were not available when it was originally built.
- We can retrofit your car with the new fuel system.
9. tarnish:to damage or ruin the good quality of (something, such as a person's reputation, image, etc.).
- It tarnishes customer trust.
10. urge:to ask people to do or support (something) in a way that shows that you believe it is very important.
- I urge you to reconsider.
11. revolve:to turn around a center point or line : rotate.
- Salesmen are so arrogant.They think the whole place revolves around them.
12. dispel:to make (something, such as a belief, feeling, or idea) go away or end.
- I want to dispel that confusion.
13. deprecate/deprecated
14. hinge(hinge on/upon (something) to be determined or decided by (something) : to depend on (something)).
- Are there any related, prerequisite changes upon which this CM hinges?
- The outcome of the election hinges on how the candidates perform in the debate.
15. spawn:to cause (something) to develop or begin : to produce or create (something).
- The health-food craze spawned a multimillion-dollar industry.
16. suppress:to end or stop (something) by force.
- Political dissent was brutally suppressed.
17. extrapolate:to form an opinion or to make an estimate about something from known facts.
- We can extrapolate the number of new students entering next year by looking at how many entered in previous years.
18. remediate:provide a remedy for; redress or make right.
- The most serious flaws are easy to remediate.
- Tell me more about remediating a failure that might occur.
19. impersonate:to pretend to be (another person).
- We let your one-click child environment impersonate its parent environment
20. abort:to stop something before it is completed because of problems or danger.
- we abort the run.

### 2
1. oscillate:to move in one direction and then back again many times.
- At this point we know we passed the saturation point, so we proceed to oscillate back and forth until we identify the number of concurrent connections that gives the highest possible tps.
2. degrade 1)to treat (someone or something) poorly and without respect 2)to make the quality of (something) worse
- how latency degrades as you approach your maximum number of transactions per second.
- Pollution has degraded air quality.
3. recoup:to get back (money that has been spent, invested, lost, etc.) : recover.
- She recouped only a portion of her investment.
4. accumulate:to gather or acquire (something) gradually as time passes.
5. irritate(ANNOY):to make (someone) impatient, angry, or annoyed.
- The other passengers were irritated by the child's rudeness.
6. enliven:to make (something) more interesting, lively, or enjoyable.
- Why don't you enliven me? I don't think you're good at making tough decisions.
- He enlivened his speech with a few jokes.
7. snitch:disapproving : to tell someone in authority (such as the police or a teacher) about something wrong that someone has done.
- Someone must have snitched to the police.
8. total:v,to damage something extremely badly.
- What? So your car's totaled.
9. gush:vi,to flow out very quickly and in large amounts.
- There's a knife in your back and the blood is gushing down.
10. throb:vi,to feel a pain that starts and stops quickly and repeatedly.
- My head is throbbing.
11. carp:vi,to complain in an annoying way.
11. carping:n.
- He's always carping about his boss.
- You just ignore their carping.
12. plagiarize:to use the words or ideas of another person as if they were your own words or ideas
- He plagiarized a classmate's report.
13. wedge:vt,always followed by an adverb or preposition.to force (someone or something) into a very small or narrow space
- Stupid thing wedged up there.
14. bribe:vt,to try to get someone to do something by giving or promising something valuable (such as money) : to give or offer a bribe to (someone)
- You're bribing me.
14. bribery:n,the act or crime of giving or accepting a bribe.
- They were arrested on charges of bribery.
14. kickback:n,1) an amount of money that is given to someone in return for providing help in a secret and dishonest business deal 2)also means resistance
- Several company executives were accused of accepting kickbacks.
15. wrestle:vi,vt.to fight (someone) by holding and pushing instead of by hitting, kicking, or punching.
- She wrestled him to the ground. 
15. wrestler:n,someone who competes in the sport of wrestling.
16. limp:vi,to walk in a slow and awkward way because of an injury to a leg or foot.
- why are you limping?  I don't know.
17. unionize:vi,to form or join a labor union.vt,to help (people) form or join a labor union.
- It doesn't pay much and you can't unionize.
- unionized workers/industries
18. recall:vi,vt.to remember (something) from the past.
- I suddenly recalled where I left my phone.
19. startle:vt,to surprise or frighten (someone) suddenly and usually not seriously.
- You startled me!
20. revolt:vi,to fight in a violent way against the rule of a leader or governmen.
- People are starting to notice how terrible jim is.It's great.Eventually, they'll rise up and revolt.

### 3
1. braid:vt,to form (something, such as hair) into a braid : to weave together (three or more strands or parts of something).
- Why don't you braid my hair?
2. enfranchise:vt,to give (someone) the legal right to vote.
- newly enfranchised voters
2. disenfranchise:to prevent (a person or group of people) from having the right to vote.
- They disenfranchised poor people by making property ownership a requirement for registering to vote.
2. franchise:n,the right to vote,the right to sell a company's goods or services in a particular area.
- newly enfranchised voters
3. lob:vt,to hit, throw, or kick (something, such as a ball) so that it goes through the air in a high curving path.
- I was hoping to lob michael a soft ball question early.
- The reporters lobbed some easy questions at/to her. [=they asked her some questions that were easily answered]
4. rally:n,a public meeting to support or oppose someone or something.
- a political rally
4. rally:vi,to meet publicly to support or oppose something : to come together for a rally. vt,to cause (people) to join together to publicly support or oppose something.
- His supporters will rally tomorrow morning outside the capitol.
- I've always been the guy who can rally other people to rebel.
5. whack: 1)vi,vt,to hit (someone or something) with great force. 2)vt,to reduce (something) by a large amount : slash.
- The old man lifted his cane and whacked the mugger on the head.
- Congress whacked the budget by 1.5 billion dollars. = Congress whacked 1.5 billion dollars from the budget.
6. misquote:vt,to report or repeat (something that someone has said or written) in a way that is not correct or accurate : to quote (someone) incorrectly.
- The mayor says that she was misquoted by the press.
7. rescind:vt,to end (a law, contract, agreement, etc.) officially : to say officially that (something) is no longer valid.(REMOVE,TAKE BACK,CANCEL)
- I will rescind the offer.
8. poach:to take (something, such as an idea, or someone, such as an employee or customer) from someone else illegally or unfairly.
- Our own investor poached him.
- Poaching my tenants.
9. wet:to cause (something) to become wet.
- I'm not wetting the bed.
10. endure:1)vi,to continue to exist in the same state or condition. 2)vt,to experience (pain or suffering) for a long time.
- I'll endure for your sake.
- This tradition has endured [=lasted] for centuries.
- The refugees have endured [=suffered] more hardship than most people can imagine.
11. forgo:vt,to give up the enjoyment or advantage of : do without.
- Thanks to everybody for forgoing your salary this week.
- I'll be forced to forgo those opportunities because of your mediocrity.
12. insist:to demand that something happen or that someone do something
- I'm going to have to insist that John be removed if I continue here.
13. ruin:vt,to damage (something) so badly that it is no longer useful, valuable, enjoyable, etc. : to spoil or destroy (something).
- That gentleman next door has the power to ruin us.
14. resign/resignation
- I'm going to resign.
- Today I have accepted the resignation of John.
15. energize:vt,to give energy or excitement to (someone or something).
- His rousing speech energized the crowd.
- I felt very energized after my holiday.
16. cultivate:vt,to improve or develop (something) by careful attention, training, or study.
- skills that can be measured and cultivated in people.
17. enchant:to attract and hold the attention of (someone) by being interesting, pretty, etc.
- The book has enchanted children for almost a century.
18. rivet:vt,to attract and hold all of someone's attention — usually used as (be) riveted.
- I was riveted by her story.
19. judder:to shake in a forceful way.
- you see that frame judder as the camera pans?
20. clench:vt,to hold (something) tightly.
- He was clenching a cigarette in his teeth.
21. unclench:vt,to move (something) out of a tightly closed position and make it less tense
- He unclenched his fist.


### 4
1. emphasize/emphasis(n)
- Their father always emphasized the importance of discipline.
- emphasis on "independent".
2. counsel:vt,to give advice to.
- She counseled [=advised] him not to accept the offer.
- I counsel any young founder today to pursue your dream not for profit or valuation.
3. malignant:adj,1) very evil. 2)medical : very serious and dangerous : tending or likely to grow and spread in a rapid and uncontrolled way that can cause death.
- a powerful and malignant influence
- a highly malignant form of cancer
3. vilify(defame/malign/malignant):vt,to say or write very harsh and critical things about.
- He was vilified in the press for his comments.
4. shove:vt,to push (something) with force.
- He shoved the door until it finally opened.
5. entice:v,to attract (someone) especially by offering or showing something that is appealing, interesting, etc.
- The store hopes to entice [=tempt, lure] shoppers with attractive window displays.
5. enticing:adj
- That's a very enticing offer.
6. diffuse:vt,to spread out : to move freely throughout a large area.
- No, I'm totally kidding.I'm diffusing the tension with humor.
7. subtract
- If you subtract 5 from 9, we get 4.
8. grant:vt,to agree to do, give, or allow (something asked for or hoped for)
- permission granted
- I grant you.我同意你.
- I will grant you one wish.
9. rattle:vt,to upset or disturb (someone).
- you try to rattle somebody to see if they freak out or not.
10. condescend:vi,formal + disapproving.to show that you believe you are more intelligent or better than other people.
- The author treats her readers as equals and never condescends (to them).
10. condescending:adj.
- You were arrogant,condescending and offensive.
11. hamstring:vt,to damage or ruin the force or effectiveness of (something or someone).
- Hooli has the unlimited resources to hamstring you.
12. pledge:n,a serious promise or agreement.
12. pledge:vt,to formally promise to give or do (something).
- can't collect your pledge.
- Jan called this morning and pledged $500.
13. decipher:vt,to find the meaning of (something that is difficult to read or understand).
- Mrs.John tried to decipher the sloppy handwriting.
- they were able to decipher the difference between yours and the others.
14. resonate:共鸣.
- Which Amazon leadership principle do you resonate most with?
15. whisk:vt 1)to stir or beat (eggs, sauces, etc.) with a whisk or fork. 2)vt,always followed by an adverb or preposition : to move or take (someone or something) to another place very quickly
- Whisk the eggs with the cream until the mixture thickens.
- David whisked me away to the kitchen for a beverage, and before long, the interviewing began.
16. oust:vt,to cause or force (someone or something) to leave a position of power, a competition, etc.
- He threw it to oust her.是为了排挤他.
17. absolve:vt,to make (someone) free from guilt, responsibility, etc.
- You're on the hook for that. And even declaring bankruptcy isn't going to absolve you of these debts.
18. earmark:vt 1)to say that something will be used or treated in a specified way — often used as (be) earmarked 2)to put (money) aside for a special purpose
- The old building has been earmarked for demolition.
- Ten thousand dollars of this year’s budget is earmarked for the renovation of the building.
19. prevail:vi,to defeat an opponent especially in a long or difficult contest.
- do prevail 获胜.
- And did reason prevail over (= become a more powerful influence than) emotion?
- A friendly atmosphere prevailed among members of the team.
20. prosecute:vi/vt,to hold a trial against a person who is accused of a crime to see if that person is guilty.
- The store's owner agreed not to prosecute if the boy returned the stolen goods.
- or I assure you,that,I will prosecute.
- Shoplifters will be prosecuted.

### 5
1. hustle:vt,to quickly move or push (someone) often in a rough way.
- The guards hustled the prisoners into the jail.
- I hustled up the stairs.
2. welsh:welsh on (something) informal + disapproving,to fail or refuse to do (something that you said you would do).
- We had a contract ,He promised to give us 5 million, and he's welshing.
- She welshes on her promises.
3. spite:vt,to deliberately annoy, upset, or hurt (someone).
- And then Gavin promoted me just to spite you.
4. stake:vt,to risk the loss of (something, such as money) — usually + on.
- we've staked substantial resources on its performance.
- I'm willing to stake my entire reputation on it.
5. taunt:vt,to say insulting things to (someone) in order to make that person angry.
- Gilfoyle kept taunting me and taunting me.
6. intervene:vi,to become involved in something (such as a conflict) in order to have an influence on what happens.
6. intervention:n.
- anti-smoking intervention 戒烟教育.
7. vent:vt,vi.to express (an emotion) usually in a loud or angry manner.
- vented her frustration on her coworkers
- I guess I just needed to vent.
- I didn't mean to upset anyone, I just needed to vent.
8. agonize:vi,to think or worry very much about something — usually + about or over.
- It wasn't a rash decision.I agonized over it.
9. intoxicate:to excite or please (someone) in a way that suggests the effect of alcohol or a drug — usually used as (be) intoxicated.
9. intoxicating:adj.
- He was intoxicated by her beauty.
10. obliterate:vt,to destroy (something) completely so that nothing is left.
- The entire platform is obliterated.
11. invade:vt,to affect (something, such as your life or privacy) in an unwanted way.
- Before we invade people's privacy, there is a conversation about ethics. 道德问题.
12. slip:always followed by an adverb or preposition, [no object] : to put on or take off a piece of clothing quickly or easily.
- once you slip it on,everything will change.一旦你穿上这个衣服.
13. usher:always followed by an adverb or preposition [+ object],to lead (someone) to a place.
- n, a person who leads people to their seats in a theater, at a wedding, etc.
- He will be ushering you out.
- It is my absolute pleasure to welcome you home as we usher in the 2018-19 academic year.
14. terrify:vt,to cause (someone) to be extremely afraid : to frighten (someone) very much.
- Big dogs terrify me.
15. tank: 1) vi,fail completely, especially at great financial cost. 2)vi,vt. to make no effort to win a contest (such as a tennis match) : to deliberately lose a game, match, etc..
- So we're tanking, and it's because we're too good. That's one way of looking at it.
- just tanked the whole project.
16. banish: 1)vt,to force (someone) to leave a country as punishment. 2)to send (someone or something) away — often + from or to.
- banished from my own company?
17. proclaim:vt,to say or state (something) in a public, official, or definite way : to declare or announce (something).
- She proclaimed that she will run for governor.
18. harvest:vt,to gather (a crop).
- It is time to harvest the wheat.
19. adamant:adj,not willing to change an opinion or decision : very determined.
- She was pretty adamant. 她非常坚定
20. dismantle:vt,to take (something, such as a machine or structure) apart so that it is in separate pieces.
- I dismantled all the racks.

### 6
1. penetrate:vt,vi,to go through or into something.
1. penetration:n.
- Are you saying John never penetrated my network?
- Sunscreens can help reduce the penetration of ultraviolet rays into the skin.
2. masturbate
3. tinker:vi,to try to repair or improve something (such as a machine) by making small changes or adjustments to it)(vi,often + with)
- In the north pole, I spend many nights alone Tinkering with toys.
- The car wouldn't start, but my brother tinkered with the engine a little and got it going again.
4. emasculate:vt,to make (a man) feel less masculine : to deprive (a man) of his male strength, role, etc.
- He plays the role of a meek husband who has been emasculated by his domineering wife.
- Critics charged that this change would emasculate the law
5. concede:vt,to say that you accept or do not deny the truth or existence of (something): to admit (something) usually in an unwilling way.
- I concede defeat.
6. ingest:vt,to take (something, such as food) into your body : to swallow (something).
- The drug is more easily ingested in pill form.
- She ingested [=absorbed] large amounts of information very quickly.
7. reincarnate:be reincarnated,to be born again with a different body after death.
- I've been reincarnated during the same time period in which I exist.
8. forgo:vt,to give up the use or enjoyment of (something).
- I shall have to forgo the pleasure of seeing you this week.
- It is! Ten percent of Pied Piper! For which I forewent, yes, that's a real word, - one million dollars.
9. retract:vt,to take back (something, such as an offer or promise)
- And now you're just gonna give me a seat on the board, only to retract that offer?!
10. renege:vi,to refuse to do something that you promised or agreed to do,usually + on.
- If you renege on the deal now, I'll fight you in the courts.
- You offering me a position on this board and reneging it is a perfect example of you having no vision, no balls and no game.
11. ramble:vi, 
always followed by an adverb or preposition : to walk or go from one place to another place without a specific goal, purpose, or direction.
- I'm just totally ramble. 我只是在瞎扯.
- She rambled [=wandered] along the riverbank.
12. handcuff:vt,to put handcuffs on (someone).
- handcuff a prisoner
13. demean:vt,to cause (someone or something) to seem less important or less worthy of respect
- Is your ego so fragile that if someone disagrees with you,you have to demean them?贬低他们.
13. demeanor:n,a person's appearance and behavior : the way someone seems to be to other people — usually singular.
- His quiet demeanor [=manner, bearing] had a calming effect on us.
14. zoom:to increase suddenly,often + up.
- Housing sales have zoomed in recent months.
- Network executives are hoping to see the ratings zoom up overnight.
15. scramble:vi,always followed by an adverb or preposition : to move or climb over something quickly especially while also using your hands.
- We scrambled over the boulders and kept climbing up the mountain.
16. corrupt:to cause (someone or something) to become dishonest, immoral, etc.
- a politician corrupted by greed.
17. scuff:vt,to make a mark or scratch in the surface of (something) by scraping it.
- reduce scuff .减少磨损
- I scuffed (up) my new shoes the very first time I wore them.
17. scuff:n,a mark that is made by scuffing something.
18. ensue/ensuing(adj)
- When the news broke, a long period of chaos ensued. [=followed]
- In the ensuing weeks, [=in the weeks afterward] her health gradually improved.
19. jam:to fill (a place) completely.
- Thousands of people jammed the hall. = The hall was jammed [=jam-packed, packed] with thousands of people.
- All the telephone lines were jammed with calls from angry customers.
20. abduct:vt,to take (someone) away from a place by force.
- He was abducted [=kidnapped] from his home.

### 7
1. drench:to make (someone or something) completely wet — often + with or in.
- just pick a day and just drench it in hawk urine.
2. beset:vt,to cause problems or difficulties for (someone or something).usually used as (be) beset.
- A lack of money is the greatest problem besetting the city today.
- It's funny, we're named Pied Piper , but we're beset with rats.
- He was beset by/with injuries this season. [=he suffered many injuries this season]
3. shutter: 1)vt,to cover (a window) with shutters 2)vt,to close (a business, store, etc.) for a period of time or forever.
- shuttering Nucleus.
- They declared bankruptcy and shuttered the store.
4. reconvene:vi,to meet again after a break. vt,to cause (a group of people) to meet again after a break.
- We will be reconvening tomorrow.
5. slander: vt,to make a false spoken statement that causes people to have a bad opinion of someone.
- She was accused of slandering her former boss.
6. scrub:to rub (something) hard with a rough object or substance and often with soap in order to clean it.
- Did you just say John scrubbed the Internet? 删帖
- scrubbing
7. bounce:vi,of a check : to be returned by a bank because there is not enough money in the bank account to pay the amount that is on the check.
- Why are our checks bouncing?咱们的支票怎么无效了.
8. pivot:vi,to turn on or around a central point.
- The dancers pivoted on their toes and changed direction.
9. sway:vi,to move slowly back and forth. 2)vt, to cause (someone) to agree with you or to share your opinion.
- He swayed a moment before he fainted.
- The lawyer tried to sway the jury.
10. spook:vt,to scare or frighten (a person or animal).
- The noise spooked the cat.
- Did you get spooked a few weeks – What was it? Three weeks ago? When did the markets crashed?
11. fart:vi
- Does he fart a lot and smell like onions?
12. propel:vt,to push or drive (someone or something) forward or in a particular direction.
- She was propelled [=motivated] by greed when she stole the money.
13. exude:vt,to show (a quality, emotion, etc.) very clearly or strongly.
- exude confidence.
- She exudes authority/charm. [=she has a great deal of authority/charm]
14. overthink:think about (something) too much or for too long.
- I overthink everything and worry too much.
15. retaliate:vi,to do something bad to someone who has hurt you or treated you badly : to get revenge against someone.
- If someone insults you, don't retaliate as it only makes the situation worse.
16. breach:vt,to fail to do what is required by (something, such as a law or agreement) : to break or violate (something).
- That is a serious breach of protocol.
- breach of contract. 违约
- unjust enrichment 不当得利.
- We're in breach. 我们违约了.
17. abet:vt,to help, encourage, or support someone in a criminal act.
- aiding and abetting.协助和教唆.
- it's abetting a crime.
18. scurry:vi,to move quickly and with short steps,always followed by an adverb or preposition.
- She scurried off to finish the job.
- Mice scurried around the house.
19. displease:vt,to make (someone) feel unhappy or annoyed.
- I wouldn't want to do anything to displease him.
20. incense/incensed:vt,to make (someone) very angry.
- I have never seen him so incensed.
- She incensed them with/by her arrogance.

### 8
1. spoon:(of two people) behave in an amorous way; kiss and cuddle.
- I saw them spooning on the beach
- John, I'm not asking you to spoon with the guy or even fork him.
2. swallow
- swallow your pride, or soon you'll be eating something far worse than shit.
3. disparage:vt,to describe (someone or something) as unimportant, weak, bad, etc.
- It's a mistake to disparage their achievements.
- non-disparagement clause 禁止恶言条款.
4. conjoin:vi,to join together.
- The two rivers eventually conjoin.
5. outrank:vt,to have a higher rank or position than (someone). 2)vt,to be more important than (someone or something).
- Promote other websites to outrank the bad Nucleus news.
6. loathe:vt,to hate (someone or something) very much.
- Ordinarily, I loathe coming to China.
7. spur:vt,to cause (something) to happen or to happen more quickly
- What spurrd the sudden uptick.什么刺激了用户量突然增长.Well, I notice something.
8. budge:vi,to change your opinion or decision — usually used in negative statements.
- I won't budge on that.我绝不退让.
- He wouldn't budge at all. = He wouldn't budge an inch.
- We tried to change her mind, but we couldn't budge her.
9. flatter:vt,to praise (someone) in a way that is not sincere.
- I'm flattered.(to cause (someone) to feel pleased by showing respect, affection, or admiration)
- I'm flattered that he asked me out, but he isn't my type.
10. remedy:vt,to solve, correct, or improve (something).
- This mistake must be remedied immediately.
- It's a syntactical error that I could've remedied.
11. bifurcate:to divide into two parts.
- We have to bifurcate our relationship.
- From this node(tree) they bifurcate.
12. anonymize
- We anonymize the data so researchers cannot identify any individual subjects.
13. salvage:vt,to save (something valuable or important) : to prevent the loss of (something).
- Salvage an interview and bring it back on track.
- After the fraud scandal he had to make great efforts to salvage his reputation.
14. juggle:vt,to do (several things) at the same time.
- Juggling tasks makes everything take longer.
- I was juggling existing freelance work, holiday plans with my partner, as well as assignments and exam study for my last two subjects of my university degree
15. penalize:vt,to punish (someone or something) for breaking a rule or a law.
- The present tax system penalizes poor people.
16. oscillate:vi,to move in one direction and then back again many times.
- Stock prices have continued to oscillate.
- My emotions oscillate between desperation and hope.
17. blabber:vi,on about,talk foolishly, mindlessly, or excessively.
- What are you blabbering about?
- When a candidate blabbers on about a problem, it's hard for an interviewer who isn't well versed in the subject or project to understand it
18. proofread:vt,to read and correct mistakes in (a written or printed piece of writing).
- Please get at least one native English speaker to proofread your resume.
19. rile:vt,to make (someone) angry : to irritate or annoy (someone).
- Her comments riled the professor.
- US, informal : to make (someone) very excited — usually + up
- Don't let her rile you.
20. compose:vt,to create and write (a piece of music or writing).
- compose a text message.写一个短信.

### 9
1. swirl:to move in circles or to cause (something) to move in circles.
- All I see is stars and swirls.
- the rumors swirling about your leadership.
2. entice:vt,to attract (someone) especially by offering or showing something that is appealing, interesting, etc.
- entice them to download the app.
- One of the enticements of the job is the company car.
3. puke:vomit.
- puked out a bunch of tech specs.
4. pervert:to change (something good) so that it is no longer what it was or should be.
- people who pervert their religion to support violence
- Movies that pervert the minds of young people by glorifying violence
4. perverted:adj,having or showing sexual desires that are considered not normal or acceptable.
- She told him he had a sick and perverted mind.
5. revenge:revenge yourself on formal,to do something to hurt (someone who has hurt you) : to take revenge on (someone)
- She vowed to revenge herself on her father's killer.
6. tuck:vt 1)to push the end of (something, such as a piece of cloth or paper) into or behind something in order to hold it in place, make it look neat, etc. 2) to put (something) in a particular place usually to hide it, hold it, or make it safe.
- tucked inside this midtown manhattan high rise is an amazon prime warehouse.
7. ejaculate
8. perpetrate:vt,to do (something that is illegal or wrong).
- The men were planning to perpetrate a robbery.
8. perpetrator,n.
- The police caught the perpetrators who robbed the bank.
9. spew:vomit
- spewing ignorance!
10. tingle: 1) vi,to have a feeling like the feeling of many small sharp points pressing into your skin. 2)vi,to feel an emotion (such as excitement) very strongly.
- My arm/leg was numb and tingling.
- Everyone was tingling with excitement. [=everyone was very excited]
11. topple:vt,vi,to cause (something) to become unsteady and fall.
- The tree toppled and fell.
- The strong winds toppled many trees.
12. mimic(imitate):vt,to copy (someone or someone's behavior or speech) especially for humor.
- He can mimic [=imitate] the way his father talks perfectly.
13. regurgitate:vt,vi.to bring food that has been swallowed back to and out of the mouth.
- regurgitating knowledge
- Many students simply regurgitate what they hear in lectures.
14. convey/conveyor(transport):to take or carry (someone or something) from one place to another.
- The transport of manufactured goods
- The singer was conveyed from her hotel to the airport by limousine.
15. recur:vi,to happen or appear again : to occur again.
- The same problem keeps recurring.
16. triple v
- He tripled his winnings at the track.
17. belabor:vt,to talk about (something) for too long : to repeat or stress (something) too much or too often.
- I don’t want to belabour the point, but it’s vital you understand how important this is.
18. disguise:vt,to change the usual appearance, sound, taste, etc., of (someone or something) so that people will not recognize that person or thing.
- He tried to disguise his voice on the phone but I could tell it was him.
19. captivate:vt,to attract and hold the attention of (someone) by being interesting, pretty, etc.
- We were captivated by her beauty.
20. flop:vi,to fall, lie, or sit down in a sudden, awkward, or relaxed way.
- He flopped down onto the bed.

### 10
1. detonate/detonation:vi,vt,to explode or to cause (something, such as a bomb) to explode.
- They knew that the bomb could detonate [=blow up] at any time.
2. elevate:vt,to lift (something) up.
- The doctor told her to elevate [=raise] her leg.
3. usurp:vt,to take and keep (something, such as power) in a forceful or violent way and especially without the right to do so.
- Some people have accused city council members of trying to usurp the mayor's power.
4. hop:vi,to move by a quick jump or series of jumps. vt,to jump over (something).
- He hopped over the hot sand.
5. heckle:to interrupt (someone, such as a speaker or performer) by shouting annoying or rude comments or questions.
- Several protesters were heckling the speaker at the rally.
6. decapitate/decapitation:to cut off the head of (a person or animal).
7. rent/renter
- How much do you pay in rent?
8. infuse:vt,to cause (a person or thing) to be filled with something (such as a quality).
- Find a way to infuse some positivity into the interview.
- She has infused her followers with confidence.
9. dissuade:vt,to convince (someone) not to do something.often + from.
- Moreover, a good candidate who has a negative reaction to you or to the company is less likely to accept an offer-and they might dissuade their friends from interviewing/accepting as well.
10. cling:vi,to hold onto something or someone very tightly. usually + to or onto.
- cling to sth
- She clings to the hope that her husband will come back to her.
- candidates can cling to each thing that might possibly sound positive or negative.
11. fluster:vi,vt,to make (someone) nervous and confused.
- Adding on a "scary" question might just fluster a candidate and cause him to underperform.
- Stop flustering me, everybody!
12. recite:vi,vt.to read (something) out loud or say (something) from memory usually for an audience.
- Sure, all else being equal, you might prefer someone who could recite the finer points of a two-inch thick algorithms textbook.
13. shrink:vi,vt,to become smaller in amount, size, or value.
- Every new skill or attribute you evaluate shrinks the number of offers extended, unless you counter-balance this by relaxing the requirements for a different skill.
14. cluster:vi,always followed by a preposition or adverb,to come together to form a group.
- When you ask questions that are too easy, performance gets clustered together.
15. pluck:vt,to pull (something) quickly to remove it.
- My sister plucked a white hair from my head.
- You can ask questions similar to these, but don't just pluck questions out of here.
16. opt:vi,to choose one thing instead of another — often + for 2)often followed by to + verb.
- With some of my clients, the CEO has even opted to not interview and to leave the company upon the acquisition.
17. slot:slot in, to find a place for (someone or something) in a schedule, plan, etc.
- I can slot you in at 2 p.m.
- I put my money in the slot and pressed the button but nothing came out.
- The CEO is often slotted into a product manager interview or a dev manager interview, as this is often the closest match for the CEO's current responsibilities.
- In other cases, the poor performance was a result of the employee being mis-slotted.
18. possess:vt,to have or own (something).
- She possesses the unusual talent of knowing when to say nothing.
- Your interviewer will want to see that you possess this flexibility in your communication.
19. gleam:vi,to shine brightly.
- He polished the table until it gleamed.
20. converge:vi,to move toward one point and join together : to come together and meet.
- Due to roadworks, three lanes of traffic have to converge into two.

### 11
1. splice:to join ropes, wires, etc., by weaving or twisting them together.
- Merge two sorted linked lists and return it as a new list. The new list should be made by splicing together the nodes of the first two lists.
2. reclaim:to get back (something that was lost or taken away).
- You may be entitled to reclaim some tax.
- I reclaimed my suitcase from the lost luggage office.
3. sublet
- She sublet her apartment to a student for the summer.
4. fluff:1) to shake or move (something, such as a pillow) so that it is fuller, lighter, or softer. 2)informal : to do (something) badly)
- The actor kept fluffing the same line.
5. condense:vt,to make (something) shorter or smaller by removing parts that are less important,often + to or into.
- Condense a book into 15 minutes for you to read.
6. cringe:to feel disgust or embarrassment and often to show this feeling by a movement of your face or body.
- When my classmate farts i cringe
- Suppose our interviewer hits us with a question that makes us cringe: Can we do better?
7. falsify:vt,to make (something) false : to change (something) in order to make people believe something that is not true.
- That was an anomaly.That file had been falsified.
8. dilate:vi,vt. to become larger or wider.
- I need to see your pupils.See if they're dilating.
9. scorn: 1) to refuse or reject (someone or something that you do not think is worthy of respect or approval) 2)to show that you think (someone or something) is not worthy of respect or approval : to feel or express scorn for (someone or something)
- She scorned his invitation.
- He scorns anyone who earns less money than he does.
10. flag/flagging: vi,(of a person) become tired, weaker, or less enthusiastic.
- you guys have kind of been flagging.
- He's trying to revive his flagging career.
11. exploit: vt 1)to get value or use from (something) 2)to use (someone or something) in a way that helps you unfairly.
- exploit us.剥削我们
12. implicate:vt, to show that someone or something is closely connected to or involved in something (such as a crime).
- All I can say without implicating you,is that I've instituted an operation to safeguard our interests.
13. defecate:vi, to pass solid waste from the body.
- defecate in my pants.
14. dip
- Whenever the price of Bitcoin dips below a certain value,it's no longer efficient to mine.
15. commend:vt,to praise (someone or something) in a serious and often public way.
- He commended her honesty.
- He commended her for her honesty.
16. extricate:vt,to free or remove (someone or something) from something (such as a trap or a difficult situation).
- Then, we just need to extricate you from this situation.
17. salute:vt,to show respect for (someone or something) : to publicly praise (someone or something).
- We salute our country's soldiers.
18. snub:vt,to ignore (someone) in a deliberate and insulting way.
- They’re likely to snub people who aren’t just like them.
- Did you snub me earlier?无视
19. devour:vt,to quickly eat all of (something) especially in a way that shows that you are very hungry.
- I will be the one devouring you.
- Have you ever seen a  lioness devour her cub?
20. emit
- Producer emits messages to exchange. Consumer receives messages from queue.

### 12
1. nag:vt,to annoy (someone) by often complaining about his or her behavior, appearance, etc.
- It is not your job to nag around for tasks.
- Mom's always nagging me about my hair.
2. plummet:vi,always followed by an adverb or preposition : to fall suddenly straight down especially from a very high place.
- it's plummeting.我们要完蛋了.
- I feel tired and my productivity plummets.
3. sap:vt,to use up the supply of (something, such as a person's courage, energy, strength, etc.).
- Instead of making us more efficient, multitasking ends up sapping our productivity, killing our focus, and adding to our stress level.
4. boom:vi,of a business or industry : to grow or expand suddenly.
- Last year we almost had to close the store, but now business is booming.
5. stutter:to have a speech problem that causes you to repeat the beginning sound of some words.
- I used to stutter when I was a child.
6. commence:formal,to begin.vi,vt.
- Their contract commences in January.
- The country has commenced preparations for war.
6. commencement,n.
- After significant surveying and campus feedback, the Commencement schedules for the Class of 2019 and the Class of 2020 have been set. Please mark your calendars!
7. chase:to follow and try to catch (someone or something).
- The cops chased the thief.
8. intersperse:vt,to put (something) at different places among other things.
- You should intersperse these pictures evenly throughout the book.
9. scream:vi,to suddenly cry out in a loud and high voice because of pain, surprise, etc.
- That's me screaming.
10. lick:vt,to take (something) into your mouth with your tongue.
- The cat licked the milk off/from her paws.
11. pilot:to fly (an airplane, spacecraft, etc.).
- He is learning how to pilot a helicopter.
- you're piloting a two-ton missile.
12. slam:always followed by an adverb or preposition, [no object] : to hit something with a lot of force.
- I slammed on (= quickly used) the brakes, but it was too late.
- Others just keep slamming their head against the same wall,never making any real progress.
13. rehabilitate:to bring (someone or something) back to a normal, healthy condition after an illness, injury, drug problem, etc.
- vi,She's still rehabilitating [=recovering] from her ankle injury.
- vt,The clinic rehabilitates drug addicts.
13. rehabilitation:n.
- rehabilitation center
14. waive:vt,to officially say that you will not use or require something that you are allowed to have or that is usually required.
- You waived our no dog policy?你废除了我们的无狗政策?
15. unwind:vi,to relax and stop thinking about work, problems, etc.
- I wanted to unwind after a hard day.
16. whittle:vt,to cut or shape (a piece of wood) by cutting small pieces from it.
- whittle sth down
- He was sitting on the porch, whittling a stick.
- We had 80 applicants for the job, but we've whittled them down to six.
17. permute
17. permutation
- we wish to permute the order of the bytes.
18. assure
- He believed that hard work would assure his success.
19. scuffle:vi,to fight briefly and usually not very seriously.
- Children scuffled on the playground.
20. ensue/ensuing
- When the news broke, a long period of chaos ensued. [=followed]
- In the ensuing weeks, [=in the weeks afterward] her health gradually improved.

### 13
1. forbid
- I forbid you to go!
- She was forbidden by her parents to marry him.
2. slur:vt, to say (something) in an unclear way especially because you are drunk or tired.
- John showed up in bad shape,slurring her words,fighting off drowsiness.
3. choke
- Chew your food well so you don't choke.
4. clump:vi,vt,to form a mass or clump
- vi,The virus causes the cells to clump (together).
- vt,The virus clumps the cells together.
4. peacock:n, a large male bird that has a very long bright blue and green tail that it can lift up and spread apart like a fan.
4. strut:vi,to walk in a confident and proud way.
- The girls were all clumped together watching these young peacocks strut their stuff, knowing their job was to sit there and be impressed.
5. fixate:vi,to look at or think about something constantly : to give all of your attention to something — usually + on or upon.
- While people tend to fixate on equity ownership and equality,what really matter is whether there is equal power sharing between founders.
6. jerk:vi,vt.to move (something) with a sharp, quick motion.
- If you were driving with her, she would jerk the car to the side of the road, get out, leaving the car door swingging open.
6. swing:vt,vi,to move backward and forward or from side to side while hanging from something.
- swinging the bag and the cane gun.
7. deteriorate:vi,to become worse as time passes.vt,to make (something) worse.
- Her health continues to deteriorate. [=decline]
- Exposure to rain and sun will gradually deteriorate the paint.
7. outperform
- Another reason why trie outperforms hash table, is that as hash table increases in size, there are lots of hash collisions and the search time complexity could deteriorate to O(n), where n is the number of keys inserted.
8. cremate:vt,to burn (the body of a person who has died).
- Her body was burned, cremateed at 1800 degrees.
9. rob:vt,to take money or property from (a person or a place) illegally and sometimes by using force, violence, or threats.
- They robbed the bank.
10. stash:vt, to put (something) in a secret or hidden place.
- Each house has a certain amount of money stashed.
- That's where I stashed the chandelier.
11. telecast:vt,to broadcast (a program) by television.
- The network will telecast [=televise] the game live.
12. incur:vt,to cause yourself to have or experience (something unpleasant or unwanted))
- What did he do to incur such wrath?
13. dominate:vt,to have control of or power over (someone or something).
- The entire algorithm is dominated by the sorting step, which is O(nlog n) .
14. sweep
- He swept the dirt off the driveway.
- She swept the floor.
- After sorting, we can sweep the sorted array to find if there are any two consecutive duplicate elements.
15. veto:vt,reject,refuse.
- The VP typically won't be present but can still veto the hire if they weren't impressed.
16. escort:vt,to go with (someone or something) to give protection or guidance.
-  He escorted [=guided, led] me to the library upstairs.
17. grill:vt, to ask (someone) a series of difficult and unpleasant questions : to question (someone) intensely.
- Your recruiter is usually there to prep you, not to grill you on technical questions.
18. demystify:vt,to make (something) clear and easy to understand : to explain (something) so that it no longer confuses or mystifies someone.
- What I need is a book that will demystify the workings of a car engine for me.
19. rope:vt,always followed by an adverb or preposition : to bind, fasten, or tie (something or someone) with a rope.
- The dog was roped to the fence.
19. denial:n,the act of not allowing someone to have something.
- rope someone into something(to persuade a person or group to do something)
- I was roped into playing softball last night.
- But each time , I knew I was being roped into denial.
20. subside:vi,to become less strong or intense.
- The police are hoping that the violence will soon subside.
- Then after things subsideed, she would reach out, and we would both be happy to not have to deal with the larger issue.

### 14
1. combat:vt,to try to stop (something) from happening or getting worse.
- I've seen their mistakes and struggles, and I've devel­oped techniques and strategies to help them combat those very issues.
2. correlate
- Even if the skills wouldn't be that hard to learn on their own, they say it's reasonably well-correlated with being a good developer.
3. ace:vt,
US, informal : to earn a very high grade on (an examination) : to get a grade of A on (an examination).
- He aced the test.
4. comprehend:vt,to understand (something, such as a difficult or complex subject).
- He is able to fully comprehend [=understand completely] what is happening and react appropriately.
5. shine:not used in progressive tenses, [no object] : to be very good or successful at an activity.
- Here he shines a light on four components,but recommends using them together, so their impact compounds.
- Basically, this is ur chance to shine.
6. craft:vt,to make or produce (something) with care or skill.
- craft a story.
7. bewilder:vt,to confuse (someone) very much.
- An utterly bewildering experience
- His decision bewildered [=puzzled, perplexed] her.
8. ban/banned
- He was banned from driving for a year
9. converse:vi,+with to talk usually informally with someone : to have a conversation.
- It would be great if u can be able to at least converse with them not just ask completely amateurish questions.
10. issue
- u issue a depth-first search.
11. preempt:vt,to prevent (something) from happening. 2)vt,to take the place of (something)
- The contract preempts lawsuits by the company's clients.
- The state law was preempted by a federal law.
12. delimit:vt,to officially set or state the limits of (something).
- Strict guidelines delimit his responsibilities.
13. lure(attract)
- Advertisers trying to lure [=attract] a younger audience to their products
14. foster:vt, to help (something) grow or develop.
- We are trying to foster [=encourage, promote] a sense of community.
15. detract from: to reduce the strength, value, or importance of (something).
- They worried that the scandal would seriously detract from [=diminish, hurt] her chances for reelection.
16. haul:vt,always followed by an adverb or preposition,to pull or drag (something) with effort.
- haul off and, US, informal to suddenly do (something specified) — followed by a verb that expresses some kind of usually violent action
- I hope he doesn't haul off and just hit you.
17. overhaul:vt,to look at every part of (something) and repair or replace the parts that do not work.
- This is a massive overhaul.
- They had to overhaul their original plans.
18. debrief:vt,formal, to officially question (someone) about a job that has been done or about an experience.
- Police debriefed the hostages upon their return.
19. detach:to separate (something) from something larger.
- It can be difficult to detach yourself from the chaos of the situation.
20. outsource:vt,to send away (some of a company's work) to be done by people outside the company.
- The company outsources many of its jobs to less developed countries.

### 15
1. counter
- To counter such resistance, Fb has progressively turned off the message facility on its own app and telling mobile users they must migrate to Messenger.
2. incentivise:incentivize,provide (someone) with an incentive for doing something.
- how you can work together as a team to incentivize the right behavior and prevent some of the bad effects.
- incentive:n,something that encourages a person to do something or to work harder
- Competitions aren't the only way to incentivise.
3. harness:vt,to use (something) for a particular purpose.
- The company offers a quality services and harnesses the power of existing users to bring more customers.
4. graze:vt,to touch or hit (something) while moving past it.
- cattle grazing on the slopes
- one of the long spikes grazed his shoulder, ripping his robes
5. unleash:vt,to remove a leash from (an animal) so that it can freely run, attack someone, etc.
- unleash the power of John展示
- The storm unleashed its fury.
6. befall:vt,formal, of something bad or unpleasant,to happen to (someone or something).
- It's sad to think of the unhappy fate that befell him.
- The drought was only one of many hardships to befall the small country.
7. adjourn:vi,vt.to end something (such as a meeting or session) for a period of time.
- This meeting is adjourned. 本次会议到此结束.
- John,If didn't vote to remove you,then Tom would've adjourned the meeting.暂停会议.
- This meeting is adjourned. means it's finished.
- We're going to adjourn this meeting until next week .means we're going to take a break , we're going to come back and finish next time.
8. hinge/referral
- give me a referral.
- After all, applying online is tricky; a personal referral is much better, and your ability to do so hinges on your network.
- hinge on (So much of their business hinges on how well in China)
9. contend:vi,vt,to argue or state (something) in a strong and definite way.
- will contend for the championship this year
- contended with the problems of municipal government
- contends that the new law would help only the wealthy
- The bomb squad has to contend with this traffic.
10. plague:vt,to cause constant or repeated trouble, illness, etc., for (someone or something).
- Drought and wildfires continue to plague the area.
11. rectify:vt,formal,to correct (something that is wrong).
- Rectify your eating habits to stay disease free.
12. marginalize:vt, to put or keep (someone) in a powerless or unimportant position within a society or group.
- It's unrealistic for majority of the readers here to practice what you said without the help from native speakers ‘cause most fobs guys are isolated/marginalized as f*** at the first place even for many fob girls.
13. clamp:vt,to press or squeeze (something).
- clamp one's face
14. yawn:vi,to open your mouth wide while taking in breath usually because you are tired or bored.
- Scientists may have just solved one of life’s biggest mysteries: Why yawning is contagious.
15. brag:vi,vt,to talk about yourself, your achievements, your family, etc., in a way that shows too much pride.
- always bragging about his success(vi)
- bragged that she was the faster runner on her team(vt)
16. aggrandize:increase the power, status, or wealth of.
- Sorry, We can be a little bit self-aggrandizing sometimes here in America.
- a movie that aggrandizes the bad guys and makes the cops look like dopes
17. romanticize:idealizes,vi,vt:to think about or describe something as being better or more attractive or interesting than it really is : to show, describe, or think about something in a romantic way.romanticization,n.
- He has romanticized notions of army life.
18. infantilize:treat (someone) as a child or in a way which denies their maturity in age or experience.infantilization,n.
- seeing yourself as a victim infantilizes you
19. decimate:1)means one in ten. 2)vt,to destroy a large number of (plants, animals, people, etc.) decimation,n.
- This kind of moth is responsible for decimating thousands of trees in our town.
- Crops from both countries will be decimated.
- decimate a regiment
- And like other native Americans, their populations were decimated by diseases.
20. dwell:formal,vi,to live in a particular place.
- He dwelled [=lived] in the same town for years.
- What Is Dwelling Insurance?

### 16
1. ambush:vt,to attack (someone or something) by surprise from a hidden place.
- We have reports of enemy soldiers ambushing civilians on this road.
- They want ambush you and replace you with Big head.
2. engulf:vt,to flow over and cover (someone or something).
- The valley was engulfed in a thick fog.
- He found himself engulfed by fear.
3. obstruct:vt,to block (something, such as a pipe or street) so that things cannot move through easily.
- my job wasn't to obstruct her work,but rather help it move forward.
- A large tree obstructed the road.
4. stall:vt,vi,to stop suddenly because of a problem.
- Interviewers want to see that, when faced with an ambiguous situation, you don't get overwhelmed and stall.
- Recall that the review that had been stalled for three painful weeks.
- Our application was stalling frequently.
5. strangle:vt,to kill (a person or animal) by squeezing the throat,to stop (something) from growing or developing.
- Bob didn't try to strangle the review to perfection.
- The company is trying to strangle the smaller competition.
6. hinder:vt,to make (something, such as a task or action) slow or difficult.
- If you feel unable to bring code up to your quality standards,think about what aspects of the review process are hindering you and how you can address them.
- Their journey was hindered[=impeded, slowed] by snow and high winds. economic growth hindered by sanctions
7. loiter:vi,to remain in an area when you do not have a particular reason to be there.
- Loitering objects
- Loitering is prohibited outside the theaters.
8. derail:vi,of a train : to leave its tracks.vt,to cause (a train) to leave its tracks.
- Code reviews require more tact and care than usual communication because there's a high risk of derailing the discussion into a personal agrument.
- His plans for becoming a professional football player were derailed [=ruined] by several injuries in college.
9. stray:vi,to go in a direction that is away from a group or from the place where you should be.
- She never strayed [=deviated] from the path her parents envisioned for her.
- The farther you stray from authoritative documentation, the shakier your evidence becomes.
10. dismiss:vt 1)to decide not to think about or consider (something or someone). 2)to officially make (someone) leave a job.
- He has been dismissed from his job for incompetence.
11. meander:vi,to have a lot of curves instead of going in a straight or direct line,to walk slowly without a specific goal, purpose, or direction.
- My tone was professional but meandering into the realm of passive-aggressive.
12. dread:vt,to fear something that will or might happen.
- He can't swim and dreads the water.
- All morning, I felt a sinking weight in the pit of my stomach as I dreaded the next round of review.
13. pound:vi,vt,to hit (something or someone) with force again and again.
- My heart began pounding in my chest as I grew more infuriated by each of her responses.
14. rebut:vt,to prove (something) is false by using arguments or evidence.
- Her lawyer attempted to rebut the witness's testimony.
14. rebuttal:n.
- I immediately started hammering my keyboard with rebuttals, pointing out that she had neither made my suggested changes nor offered justification for me to approve.We repeated this routine every day for three weeks.The code barely changed.
15. fling:vt,to throw or push (something) in a sudden and forceful way.
- Fine Doubled for Car Drivers Flinging Cigarette Butts on the Roads.
16. confront:vt,to oppose or challenge (someone) especially in a direct and forceful way.
16. confrontation,n.
- my mom confronted her with some hard evidence.
- Have you ever had a confrontation at your last job?
17. peed
- I peed my pants.
18. withhold:vt,1) to hold (something) back. 2)to refuse to provide (something) 3)to take out (an amount of money for taxes) from someone's income.
- She has $20 withheld from her paycheck every week.
- She was accused of withholding evidence. 
- An employee's withholding critical information about a competitor.
- The only reason you should withhold approval is if the code remains at an F after a few rounds of review.
19. captivate:vt,to attract and hold the attention of (someone) by being interesting, pretty, etc.
- Founders on Indiae Hackers captivated me because they were in control.
20. stagnate:vi,to stop developing, progressing, moving, etc. : to be or become stagnant.
- Whether their business became a runaway success or stagnated for years, they were calling the shots.
- Stagnant water

### 17
1. wander:vi,vt,to move around or go to different places usually without having a particular purpose or direction.
- I was just wandering around the house.
- They wandered down the street.
2. sack:vt,informal : to dismiss (someone) from a job.
- They sacked [=fired] her for always being late.
- Do shareholders have the right to sack the entire board of directors?
3. pinpoint:vt,1)to find out (something) with certainty 2)to find or locate the exact position of (something).
- They were finally able to pinpoint the cause of the fire.
- He pinpointed the city on the map.
4. taint:vt,to hurt or damage the good condition of (something) — often used as (be) tainted.
- tainted food
- They wouldn't be tainted by any sort of favoritism or politics.
- that rare political campaign that wasn't marred by the taint of false accusations
5. wager:bet.
- I'll wager. [=I believe]
- I would wager a bet that ninety percent of the people's email addresses contain english letters.
- I would wager that......
- Let's start at a high-level and then we can dive a little bit deeper into what the user experience is like for wagering on a political outcome.
6. concatenate:link (things) together in a chain or series.
- U choose a letter U just concatenate it onto the end of string.
- Then we can concatenate another string using the plus operator.
7. ditch:vt,informal:to stop having or using (something you no longer want or need) : to get rid of (something).
- Ditch the node package manager explanation.
- ditch an old car
- had to ditch their plan
- His girlfriend ditched him.
8. tweak:vt,to change (something) slightly in order to improve it : to make small adjustments to (something).
- We just wanted to tweak his original idea a bit.
- Now we do need to tweak this a little bit.(代码稍微修改一下.)
9. testify
- I can testify to the foregoing since I was actually present when it happened.
10. revert:revert to (something),to go back or return to (an earlier state, condition, situation, etc.).
- He reverted to bad habits.
11. populate
- Immigrants began to populate the area in the late 19th century.
- Strange creatures populate the ocean depths.
- The error object is not going to get populated.
12. skyrocket:vt,to increase quickly to a very high level or amount.
- The temperature is skyrocketing as the sun starts coming up.
13. relay:vt,to pass (something, such as a message or information) from one person or device to another.
- we can print a message that relays that message to the user.
- Please relay the news to the rest of the team.
14. hoist:vt,to raise (something) especially by using ropes or machinery.
- The cargo was hoisted up onto the ship.
15.
- intimidate:v,to make (someone) afraid.
- imitate:v,to make or do something the same way as (something else))
- intimate:adj,having a very close relationship : very warm and friendly
- They remained intimate friends throughout their lives.
16. pry:vi,to try to find out about other people's private lives.
- It's important to not put anything in here that you don't want prying eyes to see.
17. forfeit:v,to lose or give up (something) as a punishment or because of a rule or law.
- If the review process requires the author to run these checks manually, you forfeit most of the benefit.
- those unable to meet their taxes were liable to forfeit their property
18. bicker:vi,to argue in a way that is annoying about things that are not important.
- Consistent style is certainly important, but a code review is not the time to bicker about where to put the curly braces.
- How To Avoid Bickering In Marriage?
19. clutter:vt,to fill or cover (something) with many things : to fill or cover (something) with clutter.
- Many candidates make the mistake of adding all 13 of their prior projects, cluttering their resume with small, non-impressive projects.
20. hallucinate:hal·lu·ci·nate,vt,vi to see or sense something or someone that is not really there : to have hallucinations.
- The patient may hallucinate if she has a fever.(vi)
- His thirst caused him to hallucinate (that there was) an oasis in the desert.(vt)

### 18
1. span:vt,to continue throughout (a period of time).
- They can span multiple stories and multiple iterations.
- Her academic interests span a wide variety of topics.
2. proliferate:vi,to increase in number or amount quickly.
2. proliferation
- SOA, has no upper limit and promotes the proliferation of multiple heterogeneous protocols through its messaging middleware component.
3. abhor:vt,to dislike (someone or something) very much.
- We believe we know that Americans abhor[=hate, loathe] extremes and mistrust ideology
4. compromise: 1) vi(+on),to give up something that you want in order to reach an agreement. 2)vt, to expose (something) to risk or danger,endanger.
- I will never compromise the product.
- irrational asshole that doesn't compromise on anything.
- To avoid an argument, always be ready to seek compromise.
5. indulge:vt,to allow (yourself) to have or do something as a special pleasure.
5. indulgence
- It's my birthday. I'm going to indulge myself and eat whatever I want to eat.
- indulge in free bagels
- No, You Don't Deserve That Indulgence Today
6. stun/stunned:vt,to surprise or upset (someone) very much.
- a theft that stunned [=shocked] the art world
- I was stunned and didn't know what to do next.
- I was stunned when it ended up being so valuable.
7. annul:vt,to say officially that something is no longer valid.
- unfortunately, his arrogant attitude annuls the many generous favors he does for people
- Kenyan Supreme Court annuls presidential election in historic ruling
8. hone:vt,to make (something, such as a skill) better or more effective.
- Hone your approach by thinking critically about the outcomes of your code reviews.
- The desire for variety is expected from a chef who's honed her skills across the country and landed in Cleveland just three years ago to accept a job at Michael Symon's esteemed Lola.
9. despair:vi,to no longer have any hope or belief that a situation will improve or change,+ of.n,the feeling of no longer having any hope
- I was overcome by despair at being unable to find them.(n)
- Things look bad now, but don't despair.
10. disdain:vt,to strongly dislike or disapprove of (someone or something).
- teenagers who disdain [=loathe, detest] authority
10. disdainful:adj,feeling strong dislike or disapproval for something or someone you think does not deserve respect : feeling or showing disdain.
- He looked at the waiter with a disdainful glare.
11. debunk:vt,to show that something (such as a belief or theory) is not true : to show the falseness of (a story, idea, statement, etc.).
- The article debunks the notion that life exists on Mars.
- The results of the study debunk his theory.
12. sham
- n,someone who deceives people by pretending to be a particular kind of person, to have a particular skill, etc.
- vi,vt:to act in a way that is meant to trick or deceive people.
- vt :He was shamming illness to avoid work.
- vi :She wasn't really hurt; she was only shamming.
13. flaunt:vt,to show (something) in a very open way so that other people will notice.
13. bucket
- She liked to flaunt her wealth by wearing furs and jewelry.
- Thus, when they see a candidate seems to flaunt which specific versions of a language they know, recruiters will often bucket the candidate as "not our kind of person:'
14. fudge:1)vt,to fail to deal with (something) in an open and direct way 2)vi,to speak or act in a way that is meant to avoid dealing with a problem directly — often + on.
- Politicians have been known to fudge the issues.
15. relent:to agree to do or accept something that you have been resisting or opposing
- They had refused to pay and relented only after being threatened with a lawsuit.
- He procrastinated and missed the submission deadline.
- He told her to stop procrastinating and get to work.
17. subsidize:vt,to help someone or something pay for the costs of (something)
- The state subsidizes housing for low-income families.
18. enunciate:to pronounce words or parts of words clearly
- she enunciated each word slowly.
- So in his order, the judge wants to correctly enunciate the law.
19. enclose:to surround (something)
- the entire estate was enclosed with walls
- She enclosed a photo with the card.
20. commingle:to join or mix together : combine
- Fact and fiction commingle in the story.
- the dust had commingled with the rain
- He commingled his personal funds with money from the business.

### 19
1. utter/utterance
- vt,to make (a particular sound), to say (something)
- adj,complete and total
- in utter destitution
2. imbue:vt,to cause (someone or something) to be deeply affected by a feeling or to have a certain quality.
- I spend a lot of time praying that they are imbued with greater wisdom.
- Those origins undoubtedly imbued the company with a deep understanding of the importance of SEO.
- Our greatest ecstasies are imbued.
3. compose:vt,to come together to form or make (something).
- usually used as (be) composed of
- the system is composed of a group of machines
- You said 15% is in the traditional spread. What's the other 85% composed of?
- wrote me a message composed largely of emojis.
- Take a moment to compose yourself before you pick up the phone.
- Well, I guess I've always been composed. 
4. craft
- She crafted a strategy to boost the company's earnings.
5. purport:vt,to claim to be or do a particular thing when this claim may not be true — followed by to + verb.
- The report purports to be objective. [=it claims to be objective, but it may not be]
- Do you purport to spend the rest of your life on that couch, or do you think you might get a job someday?
5. purport:n,the main or general meaning of something (such as a speech or a person's actions).
- I do not understand the purport of your remarks
- Beware of users who purport to speak for a user class to which they do not belong.
6. propagate
- the French propagated the idea that the English were violent and gluttonous drunkards
7. overlap
- The roof shingles overlap each other
- Baseball season overlaps the football season in September.
- Some of their duties overlap.
- overlap between lean and obese people
8. interpose:vt,to place (someone or something) between two or more things or people.
- The new system has interposed a bureaucratic barrier between doctors and patients.
- He tried to interpose himself between the people who were fighting.
9. augment:vt,to increase the size or amount of (something).
- augmented reality/introspection.
- he augmented his summer income by painting houses
10. gauge:vt, to make a judgment about (something).
- besides getting a gauge of your energy and confidence levels.
- astronomers can gauge the star's intrinsic brightness
- He accurately gauged the mood of the voters.(estimate, judge )
11. encapsulate
- The contaminated material should be encapsulated and removed.
12. intuit:vt,to know or understand (something) because of what you feel or sense rather than because of evidence.
- I intuited his real identity
- She intuited a connection between the two crimes.
13. relieve:vt,to reduce or remove (something, such as pain or an unpleasant feeling).
- Relieve tension between customer/user and developers.Build trust on all sides.
- Relieve you of your badge.收回你的工牌.
14. substitute
- Perseverance is a great substitute for talent.
- There is no substitute for hard work.
- theory is no substitute for practice.
- if you like, you can use nuts as a substitute for coconut in that recipe
- you'll be getting a substitute until your regular teacher is feeling better
- I found someone to substitute for me.
- soy milk is used as a substitute for dairy milk
15. negate/negation:vt,to cause (something) to not be effective.
- evil is not merely the negation of goodness
- issued specific negations of all of the charges against her
16. revoke:to officially cancel the power or effect of.
- The judge revoked her driver's license.
- Their privileges were revoked after they misbehaved.
17. subsume:include or absorb (something) in something else..
- it is obvious that the later interval completely subsumes the previous interval.
- games and team sports are subsumed under the classification of “recreation”
- red, green, and yellow are subsumed under the term "color"
18. arbitrate:to settle an argument between two people or groups after hearing the opinions and ideas of both.
- The board has the power to arbitrate in disputes
19. belie:vt,to give a false idea of (something)
- their actions belie their, their words.
- The brilliance of the sun belied the low temperature.
20. vest:to give (someone) the legal right or power to do something or to own land or property.
- Our packages include nice salaries,cash earn-outs,stock whick vests after only four years of working there.
- executive power is vested in the president

### 20
1. jostle:vt,to push against (someone) while moving forward in a crowd of people,vi+for
- Everyone in the crowd was jostling each other trying to get a better view.
- Everyone in the crowd was jostling for room/space.
2. heed:vt,to pay attention to (advice, a warning, etc.)
- She failed to heed the warnings.
- if we had heeded the ranger's advice, we might not have gotten lost
3. elicit:vt,to get (a response, information, etc.) from someone.
- My question elicited no response.
- I want you to just react to whatever this not elicits.
4. traverse
- light rays traversing a crystal.
- Students can traverse this material in different ways,depending on their background, their skills or their interests.
5. depict:vt,to show (someone or something) in a picture, painting, photograph, etc.
- Angels are usually depicted with wings.
6. flout:vt,to break or ignore (a law, rule, etc.) without hiding what you are doing or showing fear or shame.
- Despite repeated warnings, they have continued to flout the law.
7. thrash:vt, to hit (someone or something) very hard with a stick, whip, etc.
- He thrashed me with his belt.
- After thrashing him, one of the youths pulled a pistol and shot him in the stomach.
8. abound:vi,to be present in large numbers or in great quantity.
- They live in a region where oil abounds.
- a city that abounds with art museums and private galleries
9. dampen:vt,to make (something) less strong or active.
- nothing could dampen her enthusiasm
- Unequal co-founder relationships are a way to dampen future co-founder issues.
10. superimpose:vt,to place or lay (something) over something else.
- A triangle superimposed on an inverted triangle forms a six-pointed star.
- We should not try to superimpose our values on other cultures. [=should not try to make other cultures accept/adopt our values]
11. resent:vt,to be angry or upset about (someone or something that you think is unfair)
11. resentment
- I didn't steal the money I have. I resent being treated like I did.
- his resentment at being demoted
- He's filled with resentment at his boss.
12. coin:vt,to create (a new word or phrase) that other people begin to use.
- Bruce Jay Nelson is generally credited with coining the term "remote procedure call"
13. endow:vt,to give a large amount of money to a school, hospital, etc., in order to pay for the creation or continuing support of (something).
- The money will be used to endow the museum and research facility.
14. quantify:vt,to find or calculate the quantity or amount of (something).
14. quantifiable
- It is difficult to quantify intelligence.
15. deem:to think of (someone or something) in a particular way,[=considered, judged].
- The event was deemed a great success
- The principal will take whatever action she deems appropriate in this case.
16. tamper:to change or touch (something) especially in a way that causes damage or harm.
- Someone tampered with the brakes on my car
- One count of aggravated vehicular homicide and the charge of tampering with evidence was dismissed.
17. supersede:vt,to replace (someone or something).
- In the commercial world new technologies supersede the old.
- This edition supersedes the previous one.
18. unify
- The creation of the national railroad system unified the country.
19. impede:vt,to slow the movement, progress, or action of (someone or something).
- He claims that economic growth is being impeded by government regulations.
- The soldiers could not impede the enemy's advance.
20. infringe:vt,to do something that does not obey or follow (a rule, law, etc.).
20. infringement
- They claim that his use of the name infringes[=violate]their copyright.
- To search for copyright infringements.
- any government action limiting freedom of speech is an infringement of the U.S. Constitution
- this bill is an infringement of our civil liberties
- To see if you're infringing on any copy righted material.

### 21
1. sprinkle:vt,to drop or spread small pieces or amounts of something over something.
1. sprinkler 洒水器
- Sprinkle berries on top, and scatter on remaining nuts.
- He sprinkled water on the plants.
- “Is it raining?” “It's just sprinkling a little.”
- Even if being warm and friendly doesn't come naturally to you, you can still make a concerted effort to sprinkle in positive remarks throughout the interview.
2. scrutinize:vt,to examine (something) carefully especially in a critical way.
- Her performance was carefully scrutinized by her employer.
- After another silent scrutinization , the woman seemed to relent.
3. inhibit:vt,to keep (someone) from doing what he or she wants to do.
3. inhibitor
- inhibitor is affordability.
- cold inhibits plant growth
- You shouldn't allow fear of failure to inhibit you.
4. prorate:vt,to calculate (something) according to the specific amount that someone has done, used, etc.
- We will prorate your monthly rent for the remaining 10 days on your lease. [=you will pay 10 days' worth of a month's rent].
- Your HW score must be B (80%) or higher to get a full credit for your self-evaluation;otherwise your collaboration score will be prorated.
5. perturb:vt,to cause to be worried or upset.
- It perturbed him that his son was thinking about leaving school.
- the caller's strange remark perturbed me enough to keep me awake that night
6. emulate:vt,to try to be like (someone or something you admire).
- I think they were trying to emulate the Bay area companies asking algos and data structures but they themselves are clueless about it.
7. dabble:vi,to take part in an activity in a way that is not serious — usually + in.
- Microsoft has dabbled (and reasonably successfully) with search and the web, but a large chunk of its earnings come from Windows and Office.
8. divvy:divvy (something) up or divvy up (something) informal: to divide or share (something)
- the mind is divvied up into distinct components.
- start divvying up these vertices.
9. relish:vt,to enjoy or take pleasure in (something).
- I always relish a challenge.
10. postulate:formal,vt,to suggest (something, such as an idea or theory) especially in order to start a discussion.
- The theory postulates [=claims, posits] that carbon dioxide emissions contribute to global warming.
11. troll:to leave an insulting message on the internet in order to annoy someone.
- if people are obviously trolling then I'll delete your posts and do my best to ban you.
12. remunerate:vt,formal,to pay someone for work that has been done.
- Many advisors will be remunerated by commission, which means if you do not proceed with their recommendation no fee is paid.
13. dilute:vt,to lessen the strength of (something).
- The hiring of the new CEO diluted the power of the company's president.
- Diluting them with weaker items will only make you look worse.
14. stink:stank.vi,to have a very bad smell. 2)to do something very poorly.
- Your feet stink!
- I really stink at managing the home.(to do something very poorly)
15. attest:formal: to show, prove, or state that something is true or real.
- I can attest to his skills.
16. veer:vi,to change direction quickly or suddenly.
- The third one started to veer in the wrong direction, and he decided to get out before it was too late.
17. scrimp:vi,to spend as little money as you can : to be careful about spending money)
- They scrimped and they saved.
- She scrimped and saved to care for her two younger sisters.
- Having to scrimp and save due to your meager salary may frustrate you, but a lack of free food tends not to be an issue.
18. derive:vt,to take or get (something) from (something else).
- people to derive the benefits of having choice without paying the price?
- I didn't derive much benefit from school.
19. ridicule:vt,to laugh at and make jokes about (someone or something) in a cruel or harsh way.
- the interviewer rejecting a correct answer or ridiculing the candidate.
20. feign:vt,to pretend to feel or be affected by (something).
- You know how everyone feigns[=fake] surprise when you tell them how old you are.
- An interviewer may feign ignorance on a topic he knows in depth to see if a candidate pretends to know it.

### 22
1. purge:vt,to remove people from an area, country, organization, etc., often in a violent and sudden way.
- how to purge data in cache
2. peg:1) vt,to fasten (something) with pegs 2)vt,to link (something) to another amount or value.
- The foreign currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar. [=its value changes when the U.S. dollar's value does]
- Is the tent pegged down all the way?
- Never pegged you for a quitter.
3. deprive:deprive (someone or something) of (something).to take something away from someone or something : to not allow (someone or something) to have or keep (something).
- She punished her son by depriving him of his phone.
- And for a lot of people that's depriving them from the tools they've always known and always loved.
4. reprimand:vt,to speak in an angry and critical way to (someone who has done something wrong, disobeyed an order, etc.).
- (often + for) She was reprimanded for being late.
- Can you reprimand him,please?
5. garner:vt,to collect or gather (something), to get or receive (something wanted or valued).
- I think I garner people's respect.
6. pierce:vi,vt,to make a hole in or through (something).
- I could fall and pierce an organ.
- The needle pierced into her skin.
7. incorporate:vt,to include (something) as part of something else.
- we're making sure the FDA incorporates patients' voices -- your voices -- into the decisions.
8. quench:vt,formal,to stop (a fire) from burning : to put out (a fire)(extinguished).
- quench thirst( to cause you to stop feeling thirsty)
9. alienate:vt,to make (someone) unfriendly : to cause (someone) to stop being friendly, helpful, etc., towards you.
- He alienated most of his colleagues with his bad temper.
- Disagreements can alienate teenagers from their families.
10. eyeball
- Check your tire pressure with a gauge,don't just eyeball it.Your tire may be underinflated and not look it.
11. slash:vt,to make a long cut in (something) with a knife or other sharp weapon.
- What happens if the tyres on your car are slashed?
12. plunge:vi,to fall or drop suddenly in amount, value, etc.
- Nordstrom plunges after taking $72 million charge for customer credit card refunds
13. weld:vt,to join or bring (people or things) close together.
- You have a collection of rods which can be welded together.
14. extrapolate:vt,to form an opinion or to make an estimate about something from known facts. vi,from.
- We can extrapolate the number of new students entering next year by looking at how many entered in previous years.
- They extrapolated these results from their research.
15. ponder:vt,to think about or consider (something) carefully.vi,+ on, over, or about.
- The team pondered their chances of success.
16. undercut:vt,to offer to sell things or work for a lower cost than (another person or company),to make (something) weaker or less effective.
- Her behavior undercuts her own credibility.
17. disband:vi,vt, to end an organization or group (such as a club).
- They've decided to disband the club.
- vi, The members of the organization have decided to disband.
18. clutch:vt,to hold onto (someone or something) tightly with your hand.
- I had to clutch the counter to keep from falling.
19. retrace:vt,to go back along the same course, path, etc., that you or someone else has taken earlier.
- retrace your steps
- This trail is not circular, so you have to retrace your steps back to the start.
20. defraud:vt,vi,to trick or cheat someone or something in order to get money.
- He defrauded the company.

### 23
1. concoct:vt 1)to make (a food or drink) by mixing different things together 2)to invent or develop (a plan, story, etc.) especially in order to trick or deceive someone.
1. concoction
- They had concocted(devised) a scheme/plan to steal money from the company.
2. spank:to hit someone on the buttocks with your hand as a form of punishment
- Parents shouldn't spank their children.
2. spanking
- She gave him a spanking. [=spanked him]
3. impersonate:vt,to pretend to be (another person)
- He was arrested for impersonating a police officer.
3. impersonator
4. salivate vi 1)to have a lot of saliva produced in your mouth because you see or smell food that you want to eat 2)to have great interest in or desire for something
4. saliva:n,the liquid produced in your mouth that keeps your mouth moist and makes it easier to swallow food.
- I trained dogs to salivate at the sound of a bell by feeding them whenever a bell rang.
5. shun:vt,to avoid (someone or something).
- Investors began to shun our company’s stock, causing it to plummet in value.
6. devastate:vt,to destroy much or most of (something) : to cause great damage or harm to (something).
6. devastated
- Thousands of people have left their devastated villages and fled to the mountains.
7. transpire:vi,formal : to happen.
- certain events have transpired.
8. laud:vt,to praise (someone or something)
-  i laud your thriftiness.
9. blossom:vi,to produce flowers,to change, grow, and develop fully.
- But that blossomed into a very real friendship.
10. outrun:vt,to run or move faster than (someone or something).
- you can't outrun your problems.
11. reimburse:vt,to pay someone an amount of money equal to an amount that person has spent — often + for.
- I can't.I only get reimbursed for the I.D. photos.
- The airline reimbursed me for the amount they had overcharged me.
12. bluff:vi,vt,to pretend that you will do something or that you know or have something in order to trick someone into doing what you want.
- Is he going to jump or is he only bluffing?
13. fester:vi,to become painful and infected,to become worse as time passes.
- It was better that she expressed her anger rather than let it fester inside her.
14. bisect:vt,to divide (something) into two equal parts.
- The city is bisected by the highway.
15. depose:vt,to remove (someone) from a powerful position.
- A coalition of countries is trying to depose the island dictator.
16. prepend
- Sometimes a website might prepend the www if you haven't typed it in.
17. avert:vt,to turn (your eyes, gaze, etc.) away or aside.
- I always avert my eyes to avoid seeing the bloody movie scenes.
- If management wants to avert a strike, then it will increase the wages of the employees.
18. strip:vt,vi,to remove your clothing.
- I stripped for bed.
- Under no circumstance should a man strip off his clothes in this office
19. eavesdrop:vi,to listen secretly to what other people are saying — usually + on.
- He was eavesdropping on our conversation.
20. exert:vt,to use (strength, ability, etc.).
- it's time for me to exert my dominance.

### 24
1. urinate:vi,to send urine out of the body.
2. poke:vi+at,vt,to push your finger or something thin or pointed into or at someone or something.
- He poked a stick at the snake.
- Well,stop trying to poke me With a sharp thing.
3. percolate:vi,to pass slowly through something that has many small holes in it.
- Sea water percolates down through the rocks.
4. hydrate:vt,to add water or moisture to (something).
- Keep hydrating.
- Make sure you hydrate (= drink something) before you exercise.
5. reign:vi+over,to rule as a king, queen, emperor, etc..
- The bomb attacks produced a panic which reigned over the city.
6. deduce:vt,to decide (something) after thinking about the known facts.
-  it is possible to use dynamic programming to deduce[=determine,concluded] all the results without employing DFS!
7. designate:vt,to officially choose (someone or something) to do or be something : to officially give (someone or something) a particular role or purpose.
- We need to designate a new leader.
8. depreciate:vt,to cause (something) to have a lower price or value. vi,to decrease in value.
8. depreciation
- He had supposed that the letter in question contained a request for a remittance to cover depreciation in his account.
9. congregate:vi,to come together in a group or crowd.
- A crowd congregated[=assemble]around the entrance to the theatre, hoping to catch a glimpse of the stars of the show.
10. outgrow:vt,to grow too large for (someone or something).
- The company outgrew (= became too large for) its office space.
11. encompass:vt, to include (something) as a part.
- The plan encompasses[=cover, include]repaving the street and planting 40 new trees.
12. discern:vt, to see, hear, or notice (something) with difficulty or effort,to come to know, recognize, or understand (something).
- unable to discern [=distinguish,identify] right from wrong
- I could just discern a figure in the darkness.
13. splurge:vi+on,to spend more money than usual on something for yourself.
- I feel like splurging (out) on a new dress.
14. recoup:vt,to get back (money that has been spent, invested, lost, etc.) :recover.
- The gambler recouped his losses in the next game.
15. lament:formal,vi,vt, to express sorrow, regret, or unhappiness about something.
- She lament over the loss of her best friend.
- She lamented (the fact) that she had lost her best friend.
16. grind:vt,to crush or break (something) into very small pieces by rubbing it against a rough surface or using a special machine.
- a slow query can grind everything to a halt.
17. expend:vt,formal,to use or spend (something).
- You expend so much effort for so little return.
- Governments expend a lot of resources on war.
18. blindfold:vt,to cover the eyes of (a person) with a piece of cloth.
- She was blindfolded and taken somewhere in the back of a van.
19. shove:vt,to push (something) with force.
- He shoved the door until it finally opened.
20. backfire:vi,to have the opposite result of what was desired or expected.
- You can't let a girl feel good about herself.It will backfire on you.Every compliment has to be backhanded.


### 25
1. summon:vt,to order (someone) to come to a place.
- She was summoned to court.
2. defuse:vt,to make (something) less serious, difficult, or tense.
- Her joke defused the tension in the room.
3. retreat:vi,to move back to get away from danger, attack, etc.
- When she came towards me shouting, I retreated (behind my desk).
- shouting at each other.
4. dine:vi,to eat dinner.
- I hate dining alone.
5. reciprocate:vt,vi,to do (something) for or to someone who has done something similar for or to you.
- We invited them to dinner and a week later they reciprocated.
6. empathize:vi,often + with.
- Empathizing with the data users around the company is an important part of informing our roadmap.
7. streamline:vt,to make (something) simpler, more effective, or more productive.
- onboarding is streamlined.
- a very streamlined car/design
8. disperse:vi,vt,to go or move in different directions : to spread apart.
8. dispersion
- Laws were established to limit the dispersion of pollutants.
- The fog dispersed as the day grew warmer.
9. withstand:vt,to not be harmed or affected by (something).
- a bridge designed to withstand earthquakes
10. yank:vt,vi, to suddenly pull (something) in a quick, forceful way. 2)vt,to quickly or suddenly remove (something or someone).
- The show was yanked off the air. [=the show was suddenly canceled; it was suddenly decided that the show would no longer be broadcast]
- She yanked on the dog's leash.
11. pwn:(especially in video gaming) utterly defeat (an opponent or rival); completely get the better of.
- You were just pwned!
12. chafe(rub),vi,to become irritated or annoyed
- Local builders are chafing under the new regulations.
- vt:to cause soreness or damage by rubbing against something (such as your skin)
- When the strap is too tight, it chafes the baby's skin.
13. exhilarate:vt,to cause (someone) to feel very happy and excited — usually used as (be) exhilarated.
- Achieving my weight loss goal is sure to exhilarate me.
14. haggle:vi,to talk or argue with someone especially in order to agree on a price.
- It's traditional that you haggle over/about the price of things in the market.
15. perplex:vt,to confuse (someone) very much.
- Joey was perplexed by the poor directions.
16. aggravate:vt,to make (an injury, problem, etc.) more serious or severe
- Tom was aggravating Paige when he wouldn't stop talking while she was reading.
17. bustle/bustling
- vi,to move or go in a busy or hurried way
- vi,to have a lot of busy activity — often + with
- The stores are bustling with shoppers returning holiday gifts.
18. throttle:vt,to not allow (something) to grow or develop.
- throttle users based on their allocated quota.
19. savour:vt,to enjoy (something) for a long time.
- Bar Raisers are known not to jump from one question to another, but savour hearing every applicable detail of your story in the Amazon interview process.
20. prattle:vi,to talk for very long about something that is not important or interesting.
- Try not to prattle on with your answers. Keep them short and to the point.

### 26
1. discontent
- n,a feeling of unhappiness or disapproval : a lack of contentment.
- adj,not pleased or satisfied.
- The survey indicates public discontent with the current administration.
2. deceive:vi,vt,to make (someone) believe something that is not true.
- Dr.John was disappointed that the student tried to deceive her.
3. linger:vi,to stay somewhere beyond the usual or expected time.
- His unhappiness/resentment lingered on.
- The smell from the fire still lingered days later.
4. sob:vi,to cry noisily while taking in short, sudden breaths.
- I found her sobbing in the bedroom because she'd broken her favourite doll.
5. curse
- This office is cursed.
6. eradicate:vt,to remove (something) completely : to eliminate or destroy (something harmful).
- A disease that has been largely eradicated in the U.S.
7. spurn:vt,to refuse to accept (someone or something that you do not think deserves your respect, attention, affection, etc.)
- Did she spurn your advances?
8. fracture:vt,to cause a crack or break in (something hard, such as a bone).
- She fractured her skull in the accident.
9. inquire:vi,vt,to ask for information,usually + about.
- Ms.Little inquired about which students did their homework.
10. speculate:vi,vt,to think about something and make guesses about it : to form ideas or theories about something usually when there are many things not known about it.
- I don't know why she did it - I'm just speculating.
- Scientists speculate that the illness is caused by a virus.
11. impregnate:to make (a woman or a female animal) pregnant.
- My husband impregnated me.
12. smack:vt,to slap or hit (someone or something) hard.
- What we have here is the ultimate smackdown between the Nard-Dog and crippling despair, loneliness, and depression.
13. elope:vi,to run away secretly to get married.
- Pam and I have eloped.
14. impale:vt,to cause a pointed object to go into or through (someone or something) — often + on.
- Not to show up to work.
- He slipped and impaled his leg on a metal spike.
15. hurl:vt,to throw (something) with force,to say or shout (something, such as an insult) in a loud and forceful way
- The protesters hurled insults at us.
16. downplay:vt,to make (something) seem smaller or less important.
- The government has been trying to downplay the crisis.
17. revere:vt,to have great respect for (someone or something) : to show devotion and honor to (someone or something).
- In fact, many cultures revere old people.
18. brew:vt,to make (beer, ale, etc.).vi, to start to form
- Discontent is brewing.
- I got the sense that something big was brewing here.
19. peep(peek):
always followed by an adverb or preposition, [no object] : to look very quickly at someone or something.
- I heard that you were peeping on Michael.
20. titillate:vi,vt,to interest or excite (someone) in an enjoyable and often sexual way.
- a film made to titillate the audience.

### 27
1. evade:vt,to avoid dealing with or facing (something).
- To be innovative in our work, we need to evade the limitations of established thinking.
2. emblazon:vt,to write or draw (a name, picture, etc.) on a surface so that it can be seen very clearly — usually used as (be) emblazoned.
- The team's name was emblazoned on their helmets.
3. smirk:to smile in an unpleasant way because you are pleased with yourself, glad about someone else's trouble, etc.often + at.
- She smirked at the thought of how this would hurt him.
4. dump:vt,to put (something) somewhere in a quick and careless way.
- They dumped(left) their friends at the party and went home.
5. pinch:to squeeze (someone's skin) between your thumb and finger often in a painful way.
- pinch me.
6. dissipate:vt,vi,to cause (something) to spread out and disappear.
- The fog should dissipate soon.
7. restrain:vt,to keep (something) under control.
- (Social media) you're restraining your use but getting what value you can from them.
8. flirt
- flirt with something
- He likes to flirt.
- He flirts with every attractive woman he meets.
9. smother:vt,to kill (someone) by covering the face so that breathing is not possible.
- He tried to smother her with  a pillow.
10. commemorate:vt, to exist or be done in order to remind people of (an important event or person from the past)
- The plaque commemorates the battle that took place here 200 years ago.
11. leak
- I leaked Knowledge to TechCrunch.
12. rationalize:to think about or describe something (such as bad behavior) in a way that explains it and makes it seem proper, more attractive, etc..
- He couldn't rationalize buying such an expensive car.
13. scar:n,a mark that is left on your skin after a wound heals.
13. scar:vt,to cause (someone) to feel great emotional pain or sadness because of a bad experience.
- This incident scarred me,up until a year ago when I was very apprehensive about putting myself out in the public light with businness.
14. flounder:vi, to have a lot of problems and difficulties.
- I floundered on this project.
15. immortalize:vt,to cause (someone or something) to be remembered forever.
- The explorers were immortalized when the mountains were named after them.
16. josh:vi,vt, to talk to someone in a friendly and joking way.
- We were joshing around, the two of us.
17. tow:vt,to pull (a vehicle) behind another vehicle with a rope or chain.
- It will be towed by a donkey.
18. dis
- He got dissed [=insulted] by the other guys on the team.
19. sass:vt,to talk to (someone) in a rude way that does not show proper respect.
- Don't you sass your father like that!
20. swamp:vt 1)to cover (something) with water 2)to cause (someone or something) to have to deal with a very large amount of things or people at the same time — usually used as (be) swamped
- I know you were swamped.
- I'm swamped with work right now.

### 28
1. chuckle:to laugh in a quiet way.
- She chuckled at the memory of what he had said.
2. doodle:vi,to draw something without thinking about what you are doing.
- She doodled in her notebook instead of taking notes.
3. dodge:vt,to move quickly to one side in order to avoid being hit by (someone or something).
- He dodged the first punch but was hit by the second.
- She dodged through the crowds as she hurried home.
4. braise:vt,to cook (food) slowly in fat and a small amount of liquid in a covered pot.
- He braised the beef in a wine sauce.
5. cruise:vt,vi,to travel on a boat or ship to a number of places as a vacation.
- We cruised for a week down the Yangtze River.
6. elate/elated(vt,to make (someone) very happy and excited)
- The discovery has elated researchers.
- She was elated at the news.
7. vindicate/vindication:vt,to show that (someone) is not guilty.
- She will be completely vindicated by the evidence.
8. amass:vt,to gather or collect (something, such as a large amount of money) especially for yourself.
- By the time he was 21, he had already amassed a great fortune.
9. simmer
- simmer down:to become calm after being very angry or excited.
- After he simmered down, we were able to work out a solution to the problem.
10. hump:vt,offensive : to have sex with (someone))
- That one ugly cat is humping Princess Lady!
11. goof:vi,informal,to make a careless or stupid mistake : to make a goof.
- Honestly,If you spent as much time selling as you do goofing around with Dwight and hanging out at Reception. We wouldn't be having this conversation.
- They're just goofing on [=kidding with, teasing] you.
12. resuscitate:vt,to bring (someone who is unconscious, not breathing, or close to death) back to a conscious or active state again.
13. coddle:vt,disapproving,to treat (someone) with too much care or kindness.
- She coddles [=pampers] her children.
14. dignify:vt,to treat (something or someone) with respect or seriousness that is not deserved.
- He said he wouldn't dignify his opponents' accusations by responding to them.
15. seduce:vt,to persuade (someone) to do something.
- Let me seduce her.
16. outlast:vt,to last longer than (someone or something) : to continue to exist, be active, etc., longer than (someone or something).
- Can China outlast Trump?
17. expel:vt,to officially force (someone) to leave a place or organization.
- Probably gotten expelled if I'd let it affect my grades, but I aced all my courses.
18. desecrate:vt,to damage (a holy place or object) : to treat (a holy place or object) with disrespect
- I am not gonna judge Phyllis for desecrating Christmas.
19. collate:vt,to gather together information from different sources in order to study it carefully
- They are still collating the data.
20. cleanse(body):vt,to make (someone or something) clean
- cleansing the skin

### 29
1. cripple:vt,to cause (a person or animal) to be unable to move or walk normally — usually used as (be) crippled.
- A crippling attack of malaria kept him in bed for months.
2. convict:vi,vt,to prove that someone is guilty of a crime in a court of law.
- There might not have been enough evidence to convict him.
3. elect:vt, to select (someone) for a position, job, etc., by voting.
- She was elected (as) senator.
4. interleave
- books of maps interleaved with tracing paper
5. breed:vt,to keep and take care of animals or plants in order to produce more animals or plants of a particular kind.
- Constraints breed resourcefulness, self-sufficiency and invention.
6. crouch:vi,to lower your body to the ground by bending your legs.
- The thing is, when I crouched, I had to burp.我蹲下后开始打嗝.
7. evacuate:vt,to remove (someone) from a dangerous place.
- to pass (solid waste) from your body
- Did you evacuate in your pants?
8. yearn:vi,to feel a strong desire or wish for something or to do something.
- they're yearning for inspiration. 他们渴望被鼓舞.
9. antagonize:vt,to cause (someone) to feel hostile or angry : to irritate or upset (someone).
- Antagonizes other salesmen.
10. endeavor:formal,vt,to seriously or continually try to do (something).
- To my mother and grandmother,whose engineering endeavors paved the way for my own.
11. baffle:vt,to confuse (someone) completely.
- Her behavior baffles [=bewilders] me.
12. embark:vi,on,to begin a journey especially on a ship or airplane.
- Millions of Europeans embarked for America in the late 19th century.
13. emanate:vi,to come out from a source
- Good smells emanated from the kitchen.
- vt,to send (something) out : to give out (something)
- She seems to emanate happiness.
14. detain:vt,to officially prevent (someone) from leaving a place : to hold or keep (someone) in a prison or some other place
14. detention
- They were detained by the police for questioning.
15. sue:vt,vi+for.to use a legal process by which you try to get a court of law to force a person, company, or organization that has treated you unfairly or hurt you in some way to give you something or to do something : to bring a lawsuit against someone or something.
- They're gonna reverse-engineer a version as close as they can without getting sued.
16. clash:vi,to be in a situation in which you are fighting or disagreeing.
- The brothers often clash [=argue] over politics.
- Protesters clashed with the police yesterday.
- Police and protesters clashed yesterday.
17. tumble:vi,to fall down suddenly and quickly.
- He tripped and tumbled to the ground.
18. excerpt
- This video is an excerpt from  a larger course.
19. err:vi,to make a mistake.
- I may have erred in my calculations.
20. battle
- do battle:to fight or struggle
- Even if no one is hurt, if there’s real damage and insurance companies will soon do battle, it’s a good idea to call 911.
- vi,to fight with weapons
- vt,to fight, compete, or argue with (someone or something).

### 30
1. rave:vi,vt,to talk or write about someone or something in an excited or enthusiastic way
- Critics raved about the new play.(vi)
- “It's his best performance yet,” raved one movie critic.(vt)
- She was ranting and raving about some imagined insult.
1. rant
- vi,about/on. to talk loudly and in a way that shows anger : to complain in a way that is unreasonable
2. premise:vt,base an argument, theory, or undertaking on.
- n:a statement or idea that is accepted as being true and that is used as the basis of an argument.
- n:a building and the area of land that it is on
- He premised his argument on several incorrect assumptions.
- We don’t accept the premise that cutting taxes will necessarily lead to increased economic productivity.
3. imitate:vt,to make or do something the same way as (something else).
- Their competitors soon imitated [=copied] the idea.
4. intimidate:vt,to make (someone) afraid.often used as (be) intimidated.
4. intimidation
- he tries to intimidate his rivals
- intimidation lawsuit.
5. overlook:vt,to fail to see or notice (something).
- The detective overlooked an important clue.
6. glorify:vt,to honor or praise (a god or goddess)
- Especially since acqui-hires are glorified in the Valley.
7. sniff
- He sniffed his socks to see if they needed washing.
8. thwart:vt,to prevent (someone) from doing something or to stop (something) from happening.
- She did all she could to thwart his plans.
9. vomit
- Julie ate some bad food yesterday. She's going to vomit.
- I actually vomited a little.
10. envision:vt,to picture (something) in your mind)
- She envisioned a better life for herself.
11. creep:vi,to move slowly with the body close to the ground.
- A spider was creeping [=crawling] along the bathroom floor.
11. creepy:strange or scary : causing people to feel nervous and afraid
- a creepy old house
12. crush:vt,to press or squeeze (something) so hard that it breaks or loses its shape.
- Her arm was crushed in the accident.
13. solidify:to make (something) solid or hard or to become solid or hard
- I am here to help you solidify your understanding of computer science fundamentals and then learn how to apply those fundamentals to crack the coding interview.
14. riddle:vt,to fill (something) with something that is bad or unpleasant — usually used as (be) riddled with.
14. riddled
- It's riddled  with bugs.
- Finally, when he began coding, he flew through the code with an initial solution, but it was riddled with mistakes that he failed to catch.
15. expedite
- We'll do what we can to expedite the processing of your insurance claim.
16. procure:obtain
16. procurement
- She managed to procure a ticket to the concert.
- the procurement of materials and supplies
17. rebrand
- Businesses may decide to rebrand for several reasons.
18. rehash
- You're just rehashing the same argument all over again.
19. pique:to cause (curiosity or interest)
- The package piqued [=sparked, aroused] my curiosity.
20. pitch:vt,to talk about or describe (something) in a favorable way so that people will want to buy it, accept it, etc..
- Interesting pitch. 有趣的展示.
- When you pitched me Pied Piper.

### 31
1. snap:vt,vi,to break quickly with a short, sharp sound.
- I’ve put up with my in-laws for four days and didn’t snap once…
2. hog:vt,informal,to take, keep, or use (something) in a way that prevents other people or things from having or using it.
- What Is Google Chrome Helper, and Why Is It Hogging My CPU Cycles?
3. haunt:vt,of a ghost : to visit or live in (a place).
- Spirits haunted the house.
4. assimilate/assimilation
- vt,to learn (something) so that it is fully understood and can be used
- vt,to cause (a person or group) to become part of a different society, country, etc.
- Children need to assimilate new ideas/concepts.
- Do the exercises on paper to test your assimilation.
5. dangle
- to hang down loosely especially in a way that makes it possible to swing freely
- I was dangling my feet in.我把脚放进泳池.
- approaching the dangling null at the end of each list
- The money she dangled in front of him wasn't enough to convince him to sell.
- She sat on the edge of the pool, dangling her feet in the water.
- Some companies will dangle money at you as an alternative to going on the PIP.You can take it and bail.
6. shackle:vt,to put shackles on (someone or something).
- placed shackles on the legs of the prisoners
- Obviously, this is much easier if you aren't shackled to them by some kind of unhumane quasi-slavery visa situation that we do to our friends who happen to  be bron somewhere else.
7. rant:to talk loudly and in a way that shows anger : to complain in a way that is unreasonable.
- “You can rant and rave all you want,” she said, “but it's not going to change things.”
- his rants against organized religion
8. ossify:formal + disapproving,vi,vt, to become or to cause something to become unable to change.
- an ossified social hierarchy
- You can cheerfully sink into your comfort zone and let your opinions ossify into grumpy old man syndrome.Don't do that, it's not pleasant for anyone.
9. churn:vi,vt,to stir or mix something (such as water or mud) with force.
- The biggest problem they face is churn. Wireless providers lose an average of about 30% of their customers a year to competitors.
10. gripe:informal,to complain about something,vi+about,vt+that.
- This country wasn't built just by griping and complaining.
- Students griped about having too much homework.
- THe author may gripe about splitting the changelist because it's a tedious task.
11. compliment:vt,to say nice things about (someone or something))/complement(to complete something else or make it better.
- Sincere compliments ease this tension by demonstrating that you are their supportive teammate and not the cruel gatekeeper.
12. canvass
- vt,to ask (the people in an area) what they think about a candidate, project, idea, etc.
- Detectives are unsure whether the attacker was alone but said there were signs of forced entry into the home. Investigators have interviewed neighbors and canvassed the area.( to look at or consider (something) carefully)
13. stew:vt,vi,to cook (something) slowly in hot liquid.
- The longer you and your teammate stew in stalemate , the more damaging it is to your relationship.
14. weigh
- Weigh the cost of just approving the changes.
15. belittle:vt,to describe (someone or something) as little or unimportant.
- He wanted us to recognize the users as people not just a user, which he thought was belittling.
- Try to be around smart, productive, happy, and positive people that don't belittle your ambitions.
16. dissect:vt,to cut (a plant or dead animal) into separate parts in order to study it.
- a 20-person meeting where you dissect code line by line.
17. squander:vt, to use (something) in a foolish or wasteful way.
- The government squandered [=wasted] the money on failed programs.
- squandering all our runway for fancy offices.
- Don't squander these resources on tasks a computer can do, especially when a computer can do them better.
- Don’t squander your potential living a life that amounts to far less than the one you are capable of living.
18. defer
- She deferred work on her book.
- The accountant advised us not to defer our taxes. [=not to pay our taxes later]
- She'll defer her decision.
19. codify:vt, to put (laws or rules) together as a code or system.
- When you reach agreement, codify that decision in your style guide.
20. deprecate
- I don't mean to deprecate [=belittle, minimize] his accomplishments.

### 32
1. cater:to provide food and drinks at a party, meeting, etc., especially as a job
- The restaurant caters for parties.
- A local restaurant catered the banquet.
- the second one which is really catered towards those that are new maybe you've just tried vscode recently in the last few month.
2. obfuscate
- Hashing is a way to obfuscate the actual plain text password.
3. spot
- I spotted an error in my math.
- She spotted a deer in the woods.
- We’ll be able to spot that change and we’ll be able to deny the user access.
4. rove:vi,vt, to go to different places without having a particular purpose or plan.
- I'm going to rove through the forest/mountains.
5. ameliorate:a·me·lio·rate,vt,formal,to make (something, such as a problem) better, less painful, etc..
- medicine to ameliorate the pain.
6. inflict:in·flict,vt,to cause someone to experience or be affected by (something unpleasant or harmful).
- they inflicted serious injuries on three other men.
7. behoove:be·hoove,formal,vt,to be necessary or proper for (someone).
- He behaved with dignity, as behooves [=befits] a man of his age.
- I think it would  behoove  us to prioritize hiring a woman.
- Once again, it behooves a project to capture this critical information in a systematic, clear, and repeatable way.
8. demilitarize:de·mil·i·ta·rize.
- a demilitarized zone
9. bunk:vi,to stay overnight at a place.
- We'll bunk here for the night.
10. baffle/baffling:vt,to confuse (someone) completely.
- Patterns can be a good way to approach a baffling problem.
11. tantalize/tantalizing:vt,to cause (someone) to feel interest or excitement about something that is very attractive, appealing, etc.
- This was baffling but tantalizing when introduced in the first episode.
12. flip
- the yacht was flipped by a huge wave
- I'm going to flip it using exclamation mark.
- Even though you and your team spent painstaking hours writing this proposal, selecting just the right graphics, and coming up with the best solution for your client’s problem, they may only read this one page and then flip to your pricing table.
13. scribble:vi,vt,to write (something) quickly and in a way that makes it difficult to read.
- it’s easy to scribble a DFD on a whiteboard while discussing how the user’s business operates.
14. retrofit:vt,to provide (something) with new parts that were not available when it was originally built.
- It can be difficult and expensive to retrofit desired quality characteristics into a product late in development or after delivery.
- The factory has been retrofitted to meet the new safety regulations.
- We can retrofit your car with the new fuel system.
15. circumvent:vt,formal,to avoid being stopped by (something, such as a law or rule) : to get around (something) in a clever and sometimes dishonest way.
- He found a way to circumvent the law.
- Any solutions that attempt to circumvent the judge will result in disqualification.
16. lag.
- Java performance lagged well behind C++.
17. bootstrap
- n,without help from other people : as a result of your own hard work
- the company is bootstrapping itself out of a marred financial past
18. espouse:vt,formal,to express support for (a cause, belief, etc.).
- The new theory has been espoused by many leading physicists.
- The premises of the on-site customer and close customer collaboration with developers that agile methods espouse certainly are sound.
19. convene:vt,vi,to come together in a group for a meeting.
- We convened at the hotel for a seminar.
- A world council was convened in Paris.
20. mutate:vt,vi,to cause (a gene) to change and create an unusual characteristic in a plant or animal : to cause mutation in (a gene).
- technology continues to mutate at an alarming rate

### 33
1. rumble:vi,to make a low, heavy, continuous sound or series of sounds.
- thunder rumbled, lightning flickered
2. vet/veterinarian/veterinary. vt:to evaluate for possible approval or acceptance
- I have to take my dog to the vet(veterinarian).
- They vetted her thoroughly before offering her the job.
- I’d imagine that at first it would likely only be open to a family of well-vetted partners, providing more of a semi-private API for a controlled platform than an openly available public API.
- you're vetting a candidate.
3. outstrip:vt,to be or become better, greater, or larger than (someone or something).
- The new hotel outstrips[=excel, surpass]all other hotels in the area in size and luxury.
4. toss:vt,to throw (something) with a quick, light motion.
- Do you really want to risk having your resume tossed for this reason?
- fair coin tossing
- She tossed the ball high in the air.
- She tossed the paper at the recycling bin.
- He tossed his dirty socks onto the floor.
- With so many applicants to wade through, recruiters and hiring managers may look for any excuse to toss your résumé.
5. eschew:formal,vt,to avoid (something) especially because you do not think it is right, proper, etc.
- he appealed to the crowd to eschew violence
- a psychologist who eschews the traditional methods of psychotherapy
6. relinquish:vt,formal,to give up (something) : to give (something, such as power, control, or possession) to another person or group.
- relinquish any of my shares in their company.
- She was forced to relinquish control of the project.
- The court ordered him to relinquish custody of his child.
7. simulate/simulated
- red ocher intended to simulate blood
- They are trained in simulated combat.
8. vibrate
- And it should vibrate. 指手机.
- When you blow into the instrument, the air vibrates the reed.
9. assort/assorted/assortment
- assorted,adj,including several kinds
- assort these butterfly specimens according to geographic origin
- She hangs around with rock stars, drug addicts, and assorted [=various] other oddballs.
- the room was filled with an assortment of clothes
10. refrain:vi,formal,to stop yourself from doing something that you want to do.usually + from.
- she refrained from comment
- I was going to make a joke but I refrained.
11. consist
- The exhibition will consist of a wide range of products aimed at the construction industry.
12. comprise:vt,to be made up of (something) : to include or consist of (something).
- the country comprises twenty states
- The play comprises three acts.
- The play is comprised of [=is composed of] three acts.
13. apportion:vt,formal,to divide (something) among or between people.
- voting power will be apportioned according to contribution
- we can apportion the money among/between us.
14. glean:vt,to gather or collect (something) in a gradual way, to search (something) carefully.
- the information is gleaned from press clippings
- They spent days gleaning the files for information.
15. resent:vt,to be angry or upset about (someone or something that you think is unfair).
- She resented being told what to do.
16. suppress:vt,to end or stop (something) by force.
- Political dissent was brutally suppressed.
- The governor tried to suppress the news.
17. grip:vt,to seize or hold firmly.
- The little boy gripped his mother's hand tightly.
18. marshal
- vt,to arrange or prepare (something, such as your thoughts or ideas) in a clear, effective, or organized way
- She carefully marshaled her thoughts before answering the question.
- fire marshal:an official who is responsible for enforcing fire regulations or investigating fires.
- As fire marshal, I would have to.
19. delineate:formal,vt,to clearly show or describe (something).
- The report clearly delineates the steps that must be taken.
20. confess:vt,vi(+to),to admit that you did something wrong or illegal.
- I must confess that I half believed you

### 34
1. prescribe:vt,to officially tell someone to use (a medicine, therapy, diet, etc.) as a remedy or treatment.
- This drug should not be prescribed to children.
2. ascribe to:to say or think that (something) is caused by, comes from, or is associated with (something or someone).
- ascribed their stunning military victory to good intelligence beforehand
3. repudiate:vt,formal,to refuse to accept or support (something) : to reject (something or someone),to say or show that (something) is not true.
- He has publicly repudiated the government's policies.
4. rewind
- Rewind the tape so that we can hear that song again.
5. suffice:vi,to be or provide as much as is needed : to be sufficient
- I'm taking $400 - I think that should suffice.
6. vouch
- vouch for (someone or something):to say that (someone or something) is honest, true, or good.
- As a medical examiner I can vouch that his death was accidental.
7. infiltrate:vt,to secretly enter or join (something, such as a group or an organization) in order to get information or do harm
- the water infiltrated into the soil.
8. inflate:vt,to add air or gas to (something, such as a tire or a balloon) and make it larger
- We used a pump to inflate the raft.
- you might be able to inflate the lungs.
9. tease:vt,vi,to laugh at and criticize (someone) in a way that is either friendly and playful or cruel and unkind.
- vt,to remove or separate (thin pieces of something) slowly and carefully
- She carefully teased the roots of the young plant out of the soil.
- When he was younger, kid used to tease him about his frizzy hair, and braces.
10. decommission:vt,to officially stop using (a ship, weapon, dam, etc.) : to remove (something) from service
- We have decommissioned natural selection.
11. stipulate:vt,to demand or require (something) as part of an agreement.
- Learning intricacies of a new software within the stipulated time of a project.
12. prune:vt,to reduce (something) by removing parts that are not necessary or wanted.
- This observation can be used to prune the permutation-based algorithm.
13. gratify:vt,formal,to make (someone) happy or satisfied.
- He was gratified to see how well his students had done.
14. conflate/conflation:vt,combine (two or more texts, ideas, etc.) into one.
- I think that sometimes we conflate middle class with middle-income.
15. sidetrack:vt,to cause (someone) to talk about or do something different and less important.
- I'm sorry I'm late - I got sidetracked.
- to change the direction or use of (something) — usually used as (be) sidetracked
- The grant money was sidetracked [=diverted] to fund unrelated research projects.
16. reek:vi,+of,to have a very strong and unpleasant smell.
- Her breath reeked of garlic.
- That reeks,and i'm trying to eat.
17. permeate/permeation:vt,vi,formal,to pass or spread through (something).
- Dissatisfaction with the government seems to have permeated every section of society.
18. squish:vt,to press (something) into a flatter shape : squash.
- Don't sit on that bag - you'll squish the sandwiches.
19. cinch
- vt, to fasten (something, such as a belt or strap) tightly around someone or something
- informal : to make (something) certain to happen
- Time yourself. Candidates who solve interview problems quickly are more likely to cinch the interview.
20. chime/chime in
- vi,to make the sound of a ringing bell
- The door bell chimed.
- chime in 1.to add your comment or opinion to a conversation or discussion that you have been listening to
- He kept chiming in with his opinions.
- chime in 2.to be in agreement or harmony with something
- The illustrations chimed in perfectly with the story.

### 35
1. condone:vt,to forgive or approve (something that is considered wrong) : to allow (something that is considered wrong) to continue.
- Normally, I don't condone leaving early.But I have an appointment with the horse doctor.
- We cannot condone [=excuse] that kind of behavior.
2. stomp
- always followed by an adverb or preposition, [no object] : to walk or move with very heavy or noisy steps
- She sobbed and stomped for days.
3. patronize
- to give money or support to (someone or something)
- disapproving:to talk to (someone) in a way that shows that you believe you are more intelligent or better than other people
- Stop patronizing me - I understand the play as well as you do.
4. vanquish:vt,to defeat (someone) completely in a war, battle, etc.
- vanquish fear
- The vanquished army surrendered their weapons.
5. shuffle
- vt,to move things or people into a different order or into different positions
6. unravel:vi,to fail or begin to fail.
- After months of investing, police finally had proof that the suspect was lying, and his tale began to unravel.
- vt,to find the correct explanation for (something that is difficult to understand)
- Scientists are still unraveling the secrets/mysteries of DNA.
7. demote/demotion:vt,to change the rank or position of (someone) to a lower or less important one.
- The captain was demoted (to sergeant) for failing to fulfil his duties.
8. barge
- always followed by an adverb or preposition [no object], to move or push in a fast, awkward, and often rude way
- I barge because I care.
9. pester:vt,to annoy or bother (someone) in a repeated way.
- Dwight tells me you've been pestering him for company info.
10. cede:formal,vt, to give control of (something) to another person, group, government, etc.
- So i will cede her to you.
- Russia ceded Alaska to the U.S. in 1867.
11. hug
- I hugged him close.
12. muddle:vt,to cause confusion in (someone or someone's mind) — often used as (be) muddled.
- to mix up (something) in a confused way
- a mind muddled by too much advice.
- It's easy for candidates to muddle these concepts (probably because both have some concepts of" higher': "lower" and "exactly right"), but there is no particular relationship between the concepts.
13. surpass:vt,to be better or greater than (someone or something).
- No matter how big the constant is and how slow the linear increase is, linear will at some point surpass constant.
14. lurk
- vi,to be in a hidden place,to wait in a secret or hidden place especially in order to do something wrong or harmful
- computers : to read messages written by other people on the Internet in a newsgroup, chat room, etc., without writing any messages yourself
- lurker
- lurking around.
15. lounge:vi,to sit or lie in a relaxed way.
- shush:vt,to tell (someone) to be quiet.
- She was lounging on the sofa.
16. plow:vt,to dig into or break up (dirt, soil, land, etc.) with a plow.
- Plowing my own acres, going around shirtless all day.
17. metabolize
- vt,biology,to change (food) into a form that can be used by your body 
18. charm:vt,to cause (someone) to like you or to do what you want by being nice, friendly, etc.
- You have to charm them.
- She charmed [=captivated] everyone with her warm smile.
19. intrigue:vt,to make (someone) want to know more about something : to cause (someone) to become interested.
- I was intrigued by his slow, deliberate way of talking and the serious look in his eyes.
20. implore:vt,formal,to make a very serious or emotional request to (someone).
- She implored her parents not to send her away to school.

### 36
1. extort:vt,to get (something, such as money) from a person by the use of force or threats.
- The gang is accused of extorting money from local store owners.
2. resemble
- He strongly resembles his father in appearance and in temperament.
3. pulsate:vi,to make strong and regular beats, sounds, flashes, etc..
- The lights pulsated with the music.
4. underperform/outperform
- The company's shares have underperformed the market by 35%.
- The company has consistently outperformed its rivals this season.
5. escalate:vt,vi,to become worse or to make (something) worse or more severe.
- (vt)We are trying not to escalate the violence.
- (vi)The conflict has escalated into an all-out war.
- How to know when it’s time to escalate an issue to your manager?
6. muster:vt, to work hard to find or get (courage, support, etc.)
- He finally mustered(up) the courage to ask her on a date.
- vi,vt,to gather together (a group of people, soldiers, etc.) especially for battle or war
- muster an army
- The soldiers mustered [=gathered] in the center of town.
7. lull:vt,to cause (someone) to fall asleep or become sleepy
- The music lulled him to sleep.
- vt,to cause (someone) to feel safe and relaxed instead of careful and alert — + into
- He lulls you into believing his promises. [=he tricks you into believing his promises by making you feel that he can be trusted
8. puff:vt,vi,to breathe smoke from a cigarette, pipe, etc., in and out of the lungs.
- puffing smoke
9. perceive:vt,formal,to notice or become aware of (something).
- perceive HQ through the Internet.
- How do the French perceive the British?
10. bankroll:vt,informal,to supply money for (a business, project, person, etc.).
- His parents bankrolled(paid for) his college education.
11. grok:to understand something.
- There was a lot to grok.
12. shed:vt,to get rid of (something)
- Continually shedding the limitations of outdated thinking.
13. transpose:vt,to change the position or order of (two things).
- I must have accidentally transposed the numbers when I dialed his phone number.
14. deform:vt,vi,to change something so that it no longer has its normal or original shape.
- The disease eventually causes the bones to deform.
15. captivate/captivating:vt,to attract and hold the attention of (someone) by being interesting, pretty, etc.
- What's so captivating? 什么这么有趣?
- The play has been captivating audiences for years.
16. dread:vt,to fear something that will or might happen.
- She dreaded going to piano lessons.
17. whip
- When I was working long hours at Google, it wasn't because they were whipping us to work harder.
18. sulk:vi,to be angry or upset about something and to refuse to discuss it with other people.
- She has been sulking all day.
19. scorch
- Dinner is a bit scorched.(burned)
20. swerve:vi to change direction suddenly especially to avoid hitting someone or something.
- The car swerved(turned) sharply to avoid hitting the deer.
- I swerved into the parking lot and told the guy behind the counter I was fired and if I could borrow a phone.

### 37
1. crumble:vt,vi,to break (something) into small pieces.
- Crumble the cookies into small bits.
- My world felt like it was crumbling(disintegrated).
2. disregard:vt,to ignore (something) or treat (something) as unimportant.
- Please disregard what I said before.
3. scrap:vt,to get rid of (something) because it is damaged, no longer useful, etc.
- Before we launched Gmail, many people inside of Google thought that the whole project should be scrapped.
4. condemn:vt,to say in a strong and definite way that someone or something is bad or wrong.
- Anytime we seek to escape dogma, they are there to ridicule and condemn us.
5. nag:vt,vi,to annoy (someone) by often complaining about his or her behavior, appearance, etc.
- My wife nags me about my busy work schedule.
- Quit nagging! I already said I'm not going.
6. idolize:vt,to love or admire (someone) very much or too much.
- It was strange but idolized our leader.
7. resurrect
- vt,to bring (a dead person) back to life,to cause (something that had ended or been forgotten or lost) to exist again, to be used again, etc.
- Her reputation has been resurrected(restored).
8. fizzle:vi,informal,to gradually fail or end.
- The project ended up fizzling.
9. crave:vt,to have a very strong desire for (something).
- Look Men are visual creatures We crave beauty.
10. molest:vt,to harm (someone) through sexual contact : to touch (someone) in a sexual and improper way.
- He was sent to jail for molesting children.
11. deport/deportation
- She is now facing deportation.
12. capsize(of a boat)(vt,vi)(to turn over : to turn so that the bottom is on top)
- Would an average-sized rowboat support her without capsizing?
13. entrench/entrenched(vt,to place (someone or something) in a very strong position that cannot easily be changed)
- Officials who have tried to entrench themselves in office
- These attitudes are (deeply/firmly) entrenched in our culture.(adj)
14. amuse:vt,vi,to make someone laugh or smile : to entertain (someone) in a light and pleasant way.
15. bury:vt,to hide (something) in the ground.
- If your strategy is to just bury your head into the sand and ignore all of that.you're going to miss out on all of it.
16. ripen
- vi,to become ripe and ready to eat
- vt,to make (something) ripe
- You can ripen the fruit by placing it in a paper bag and storing it at room temperature for a few days.
17. cuckold:vt,to have sex with someone other than (your husband),to have sex with the wife of (another man)
- You've been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male.
18. spike:vi,to increase greatly in a short period of time
- The server’s CPU load spikes, and you have to figure out why.
19. stump:vt,to be too difficult for (someone) to answer.
- The question completely stumped the contestant.
20. interrogate/interrogation:vt,to ask (someone) questions in a thorough and often forceful way.
- Officers, Are you sure you don't want to interrogate him?

### 38
1. slate:vt,to arrange or plan for something to happen,someone to be chosen, etc. — usually used as (be) slated)
- We are slated for cool, wet weather this weekend.
- She is slated to become the company's next president.
2. splatter:vi,of a liquid : to move, fall, or hit something in large drops. vt,to cause (a liquid) to move or fall in large drop.
- Rain splattered against the windows.
- You're splattering paint everywhere.
3. parcel:n, 1)a section or area of land 2)a box or large envelope that is usually given, sent, or delivered to a person
- a parcel of real estate
- The parcel [=(chiefly US) package] was shipped today.
3. parcel:v,parcel (something) off or parcel off (something):to divide (something, such as land) into separate, smaller parts especially in order to sell it
- The property was eventually parceled off and sold in pieces.
- https://learnersdictionary.com/definition/parcel
4. whine:vi,vt,to complain in an annoying way/whiny
- The review is way too whiny in my opinion.
- He's always whining about the weather.
- Save your whining for the jury there.
- I'm sick of his whiny complaints.
5. reconcile:SETTLE, RESOLVE. 1)to find a way of making (two different ideas, facts, etc.) exist or be true at the same time. 2)to cause people or groups to become friendly again after an argument or disagreement. 3)reconcile (someone) to (something) to cause (someone) to accept (something unpleasant)
- I'm afraid her story cannot be reconciled with the proven facts. [=her story must be false because it does not agree with the proven facts]
- His attempt to reconcile his friends (with each other) was unsuccessful.
- By seeing and hearing simultaneously, you'll learn to reconcile the differences between the appearance of English(spelling) and the sound of English(pronunciation and the other aspects of accent).
- I reconciled myself to the loss.
6. equate:to say or think that (two things) are equal or the same,often + with or and.
- Many people equate accent with pronunciation.
7. hamper:vt,to slow the movement, progress, or action of (someone or something).
- learners can be seriously hampered by a negative outlook.
8. insinuate:vt,to say (something, especially something bad or insulting) in an indirect way/insinuating
- Just what are you insinuating? [=implying]
9. exasperate:vt,to make (someone) very angry or annoyed
- That whole situation can exasperate what we're doing here.
10. excoriate:vt,formal,to criticize (someone or something) very harshly.
-  He was excoriated as a racist.
11. inflame:vt,to cause (a person or group) to become angry or violent.
- you inflame people who resent that.
12. erect:vt,to build (something) by putting together materials.
-  a lone tree remained erect after the terrible tornado had passed
13. terrorize:vt,to cause (someone) to be extremely afraid.
- They can terrorize an immigrant with his lack of papers.
14. impair:vt,to make (something) weaker or worse.
- It can also impair learning.
15. amortize:vt,to pay money that is owed for something (such as a mortgage) by making regular payments over a long period of time.
- we can amortise those costs-- after, of course,working on our content layer.
16. sidetrack
- vt,to cause (someone) to talk about or do something different and less important — usually used as (be/get) sidetracked
- vt,to change the direction or use of (something) — usually used as (be) sidetracked
-  We get sidetracked with distractions, large and small.
17. mangle
- vt,to injure or damage (something or someone) severely by cutting, tearing, or crushing
- vt,to do (something) badly : to ruin (something) because of carelessness or a lack of skill
-  In fact, mangling the user experience is other people's business model.
18. monetize:vt,to utilize (something of value) as a source of profit.
-  If you're monetizing by ads, you want to monetize your ads, and not the ads that random people are inserting, which, incidentally, is a business model.
19. underlie:to be at the basis of : form the foundation of : SUPPORT.
- So to recap,TLS underlies all those performance guarantees.
20. encumber
- vt,to make (someone or something) hold or carry something heavy — usually used as (be) encumbered
- vt,to cause problems or difficulties for (someone or something)
- Lack of funding has encumbered the project.
- We were encumbered by our heavy coats and boots.

### 39
1. gravitate:vi,to be attracted to or toward something or someone.
- If you were trying to convince somebody who had been using the AWS console for a long time to gravitate towards Vantage, what would you say to convince them?
2. parody:vt,to imitate (someone or something) in an amusing way.
- I don't think that Vantage is trying to be feature parody one-to-one with AWS.
3. germinate:vi,of a seed : to begin to grow. vt,to cause (a seed) to begin to grow.
- So the idea actually has been germinating for a while.
4. wobble:vi,to be or become unsteady or unsure.
- They have been wobbling in their support of the president's policies.
5. invigorate:vt,to give life and energy to (someone).
- He was invigorated by the positive feedback.
6. discredit:vt,to cause (someone or something) to seem dishonest or untrue.
- Many of his theories have been thoroughly discredited.
7. impound:(扣押)vt,to use legal powers to get and hold (something).
- Cars left over 30 days may be impounded at owner's expense.
8. binge:vi,to eat, drink, etc., too much in a short period of time : to go on a binge — often + on.
- I am binge watching GOT.
9. vend:to sell something.
- If you want to vend something for others to use, it's best to build it into live.
10. divulge:vt,to make (information) known : to give (information) to someone.
- She refused to divulge [=reveal,tell] the name of her informant.
11. ogle:vt,to look at (something) in a way that suggests strong interest or desire
- I was ogling the dessert menu before my meal even arrived.
12. shrivel:vi,to cause (something) to become dry and wrinkled — often + up.
- she is old, and shriveled.
13. tally:vt,to record and count or calculate (something).
- Okay, everyone, I've tallied the votes.
14. traumatize:vt,to cause (someone) to become very upset in a way that often leads to serious emotional problems : to cause (someone) to suffer emotional trauma.
15. topple:vt,to win a victory over (someone or something) in a war, contest, etc..
- The team was toppled [=beaten, defeated] in the first round.
- Why would they balk at a chance to topple him?
16. balk:vi,to suddenly show that you do not want to do something : to refuse to do what someone else wants you to .often + at
- Though we might balk at the price the woman pays for this redemption,we're forced to confront the nuance in moments.
17. sideline:vt,to prevent (a player) from playing in a game especially because of injury, illness, etc. — usually used as (be) sidelined.
- Her career had been sidelined for several years by motherhood.
18. impeach:vt,to charge (a public official) with a crime done while in office.
- Some top Democrats are calling for Supreme Court Justice Jim to be impeached.
19. intermingle:vi,vt.to mix together
- In her short stories, science fiction and romance intermingle.
20. delve:vi,to search for information about something.
- He tried to delve inside his memory for clues about what had happened.





