V
1. manifest:formal,vt,to show (something) clearly
2. obviate:vt,to make (something) no longer necessary
- The new medical treatment obviates the need for surgery.
3. allude:allude to (something or someone):to speak of or mention (something or someone) in an indirect way.
- She alluded to her first marriage/husband.
4. overheard
5. toil
- But as I’ve talked to more folks in this interview, it’s like many of them find that they switch roles or switch companies and get the title relatively easily where they had been toiling for years to actually get into that role.
6. skew
- Skew the measurements.
7. overlay
8. disentangle
9. contravene
10. boycott
11. sully
- You can't let what you see sully your image of them.
12. ensconce
13. forge
- The relationship they forged(created) is tight.
14. noodle
- I've just been noodling the whole time. 
15. harp,harp on (something) or Brit harp on about (something) informal,to talk about (a subject) constantly or repeatedly in an annoying way
- I know we keep harping on this, but it's so freaking cool.
16. upend
17. collateralize
18. backpedal
- You have Amazon saying people have to go back to work at the office. I think, Google's saying the same thing. Or they backpedaled a little bit.
19. ostracize

N
1. scaffolding: 脚手架
2. provenance:the origin or source of something
- Has anyone traced the provenances of these paintings?
3. gangster:a member of a group of violent criminals
4. fib:an untrue statement about something minor or unimportant.
- Is she telling fibs again?
5. influx:the arrival of a large number of people.
- Now at that point, we were starting to see a huge influx of mobile traffic.
6. mantra:pl,mantras,a word or phrase that is repeated often or that expresses someone's basic beliefs.
- I guess that there are two similar, but different mantras that people take when they think about React. 
7. trilemma
- As any blockchain, there is a trilemma problem.
8. partisan
- I'm not a partisan as far as these things go. The reason I focus on AWS bills is because that's where the customers are. 
9. profanity
- Did you profanity on?
10. condemnation
- This is not incidentally in any way intended to be a condemnation of those companies. 
11. agnostic
- They're tool agnostic.
12. exodus
- Yeah, we’re starting to see a bit of an exodus, where not just storage, but compute moving out of the regions it into the edge.
13. veracity
- That is still very hard just because of the veracity and the detail that we have to capture and track over time.
14. conglomerate
15. wunderkind
16. condolence
17. enormity
18. pageantry
19. frenzy
- Graduation, for him, was a frenzy of thankful hugs and handshakes.
20. tentpole

1. connoisseur
2. socialization

Adj
1. idempotent:幂等的
- the operation is idempotent
2. perpetual:happening all the time or very often.constant.
- The descaling program aims to recoup the infrastructure costs (IMR) as quickly as possible.
3. exhilarating:happy and excited.
- How was the ride?It was exhilarating.
4. indigenous:produced, living, or existing naturally in a particular region or environment
- He grows a wide variety of both indigenous [=native] and exotic plants.
5. visceral/viscera
- that visceral feeling of design debt where it's, like, you have all of this old stuff that was created once upon a time.
- Even 9/11 for me was basically, in the distance. It didn't really affect me at a visceral level. Yeah. Black swan.
6. grueling
7. egregious
- egregious offenders 
8. unholy
9. hospitable
10. sacrosanct
- Contract with customers is sacrosanct.
11. fallible
12. subpar
- If your sites that you wanted to save an article from wasn’t in that set, then you would have like a very subpar experience.
13. remiss
14. underlying
- TLS is the underlying protocol used to set up a secure connection for HTTPS.
15. captive
- And it's tailored to the needs of dynamic applications,
- Passive eavesdroppers, active tampers
- who are not messing with your traffic for the purpose of inserting ads.
16. upbeat
17. leery
- So people are leery about building their business on the backs of a service that may very well be turned off. 
18. ancillary,adj,n.
19. begrudging
20. retarded


1. yuck
2. tangential
- And the third one, which is slightly tangential, but still related.
3. vibrant
4. indulgent
5. quaint
6. unassailably
- if you can figure out a trend that is almost unassailably going to continue for decades into the future. You can invest behind that trend with a lot of confidence and ignore any ups and downs along the way
7. ambient
8. treacherous
- spend years navigating a treacherous job market.
9. clubby
10. illicit
11. dilapidated
- At the same time, San Francisco still feels like a dilapidated ghost town right now.