### G3 180702
1. freak (sb) out 
2. hit the ground running 
3. screw-up 
4. race to the bottom 





### G2
1. phase out
2. knock the wind out of (someone)
- Seeing the word hate in association with me knocked the wind out of me.
3. ramp sth up
- If you are hired, you will go through a six-week "bootcamp" which will help ramp you up in the massive code base.
4. cooped up
- She didn't want to just be cooped up in the room all day.
5. leverage
- I could leverage my web development skills.
6. brush up (on) sth
- Brush up on system design too if you're interviewing for a backend role.
-  If you know a language that the startup works with, make sure to brush up on the details.
7. balance (sth) out/up
- On average, it balances out.
8. ripe for something
- Questions like "Design an alarm clock for the blind" are ripe for examining this aspect.(Customer Focus)
9. hit the ground running
- Because startups need people who can hit the ground running, they are likely to assess your skills with specific programming languages.
10. count sb in
- Don't count anyone out-or in-until you've evaluated them the same way their interviewers will.
11. fall through
- We found a buyer for our house, but then the sale fell through.
12. catch sb off guard
- Acqui-hires have a specific language and ,like with any sales or negotiation,you don't want to get caught off-guard by the terminology.
14. jot sth down
15. hype sb up
- I always feel hyped up before an exam.
16. bog down someone/something
17. grind to a halt
- The acqui-hire process can be intensive , but you can't have everything in the company grind to a halt.
18. boil sth down
- All of these boil down to the two big things that companies want to see: that you're smart and that you can code.
19. start (sth) off
- The S.A.R. approach means that you start off outlining the situation, then explaining the actions you took, and lastly, describing the result.
20. chip in
- He stayed quiet during meetings, rarely chipped in during email discussions, and struggled to complete his components.
21. write sb/sth off
- I didn't want to write him off completely yet, so I tried to resolve the situation.
22. strike up (sth)
-  I struck up a conversation with him and then asked him open-ended questions about how he felt it was going.
23. level off
- Unemployment rose to ten percent and then levelled off.
24. contingent on/upon sth
- Our success is contingent upon your support.
- Outdoor activities are, as ever, contingent on the weather.
25. nail sth down 
26. hold off (something)
27. dispose of something 
28. work on sth 
- Is there anything you'd suggest I work on for next time?
29. wind up (something)
- Candidates often look so much at this one number that they wind up accepting the offer that is worse finan­ cially.
30. bump sth up 
- You can negotiate within the salary range for your level, but going beyond that requires bumping up a level.



### G1

1. clutter up
- To overcrowd a space or area with something. A noun or pronoun can be used between "clutter" and "up."
- eg: I have so many books at home that they're starting to clutter up the place.
- To mess something up; to fill something or some place up with too many things.
- eg: Heaps of newspapers cluttered the room up and made it a fire hazard.
2. cast a ballot: vote
3. come up with
- When you come up with something, means that you either produce it or that you think about it.
- eg: Come up with an idea/solution.
- eg: And to my surprise, he came up with the money, means  he produced it or he found it.
4. come up against
- Come up against means you suddenly face an obstacle or a struggle. Some sort of problem but usually it’s an obstacle.
- I have to come up against a worthy opponent and now I have to fight.
5. come across(as)
- If someone comes across as something else, it means he or she appears to be something that maybe he or she is not.
- eg:He came across as a friendly guy, but then later I found out that he’s really not a very nice guy at all.So he came across as friendly, but in reality, not very friendly.
6. come around
- So he came around, he came to my side of the argument.
- Come around sometime. Means visit in a very casual way.
7. come out (with)
- eg: Come out, let’s go play tennis.
- Come out of the closet.If somebody comes out, means they reveal their secret.They don’t hide anymore.
8. come on
9. come into
- Come into some money basically means you inherit or somehow you found or managed to get.
- eg:So my friend’s grandfather passed away last week and it was very sad, but suddenly he’s come into some money.
- If something comes into fashion, it becomes fashionable.
- 20 years ago the internet was just starting to come into use, but now it’s everywhere.
10. come over
- Why don’t you come over sometime? It means: come visit.Can I come over? Means I can visit?
11. come in.
- Come in handy.  Means useful.
- eg:This will come in handy when I’m trying to write my notes.
- We need to fix this, and that’s where you come in.It means “This is where you play your role”
12. come apart
- If a person has come apart, it means he or she lost control.
13. kick out: expel
14. kick off.
- kick somebody off  a bus,a plane, a train.
- start
15. first port of call:The first place to go to start a process.
- eg:To find the meaning of a word, your first port of call should be a decent dictionary.
16. wary of
- Established banks were wary of partnering with a startup.
17. as old as the hills
- It's a technique that is almost as ole as the hills, but offering a free trial helped Shopify hack its way to 150,000 users.(Proving Value with a free trial)
18. hem and haw:hesitate; be indecisive.
- I waste a lot of time hemming and hawing before going into action
19. one-size-fits-all
- Our research shows that the majority of us have a problem with multitasking communication tools. And while there’s no one-size-fits-all answer to when to use communication tools, it is your choice how you use them.
20. hit the jackpot
- to achieve a sensational success; have sudden luck:
- eg:The firm has hit the jackpot with its new line of computers.
- to win a jackpot.
- eg:It was kind of hitting the jackpot for him at that age.
21. fuck off
- Hey, any of the shirts around?" My hand shaking, I responded, "You should fuck off.
22. knock off
- You have knocked the universe off course.
23. weird out
- Strange, they're like weirding out or something. Like what are doing? What are you doing?
24. crack up
- We burned Nag Champa incense and cracked ourselves up about things we called social experiments.
25. xxx
- My husband would say, "Take it easy,
26. spiff sb/sth up
- The recent spiffing up of Pollak Library South’s first floor isn’t the end of renovations at Cal State Fullerton’s library.
27. under the radar
- doing something without other people noticing.
- Sia’s technology is still under the radar because few people understand how to use it, much less how to build services on top of it.
28. whip sth up
- to encourage or cause people to have strong feelings about something:
29. hang up
- Some interviewers may even give you "home­ work"to solve after you hang up the phone or just ask you to email them the code you wrote.
30. hook up
- hooking up a lot of different apis together.


