### 第8组 180502
1. It is a heck of a lot of simpler.
2. So, why JavaScript and not something else?So,without further ado, let's dive right in.Get your hands dirty with some coding.HTML is responsible for holding the content of a web page,and css is responsible for styling this content and handling the layout.Css is for presentation.Now JS is the programming language that allows us add dynamics into the picture like dynamic effects, manipulation of the content or css and much more.
3. It’s better to keep the website content and the Javascript logic in separate places.Primitive just means that these are not objects.So, to make it simple, Boolean is either true or false.
4. Undefined: Data type of variable which does not have a value yet.Null, also means ‘non-existent’.Why does JS transform our number to a String?And this is something called type coercion.We do it very usually.
5. Changing the value of a variable is called variable mutation.
6. precedents of operators.How do we now retrieve an element out of this object? (Js).To read a value out of an object, there are two main ways.The first one is to use the dot notation.The second way is to use square brackets such as we did with the arrays.
7. We barely scratched the surface here, but it’s already a great amount of material here.Put it simply, break is to break out of the loop, so to finish the loop at a certain point, and continue is to quit the current iteration of the loop and continue with the next one.
8. So for someone who was born in 1990 ,they have thirty-nine years left for retirement.This variable is once again the window object.Even if don’t understand it now, I’m sure that you will eventually.ternary operator. 三元运算符.Inside a function using this is not very useful unless you’re using call apply or bind.
9. It’s always going to be either growing or shrinking with the parent.What is margin? Margin is actually distance between two elements.And like I said padding and margin are familiar because u can use it in the same way.


### 第7组 180418
1. a can of pringles.Take an in-depth look at callback functions.
2. But since there is a lot of objects nested of each other javascript starts clipping them.a magazine clipping.
3. I’m going to swap out body in the console statement for  response.(body->response)
4. So you'll be intimately familiar with how these headers work.
5. Those errors are going to become evident via the status code.
6. you’re going to go into location and you’re going to grab those two props.(—save)This means we can get rid of the node modules folder which takes up a ton of space but we can always regenerate it using npm install.
7. This tells yargs to always parse the address argument as a string as opposed to something else like a number or a boolean.
8. For example do I want to fetch in Celsius or Fahrenheit.
9. Now that we have our options configuration in place we can go ahead.
10. And this is the kind of information that’s really important to track down.We can use the status text value to determine whether or not the request was successful.We have both of our errors handled.This is not exactly reusable and it really doesn’t belong here.
11. $ 0.0001 each.So you get 1000 requests for every penny you spend.
12. I’m not going to enter just yet because we do need to swap out some of this information.(https://api.darksky.net/forecast/[key]/[latitude],[longitude])
13. Stripping out white spaces from a string.It’s a little more cross OS friendly.So use the following script for cross OS compatibility.The version 1.0 is not backwards compatible with the version used here.
14. I’d recommend reading this book or checking out a course.This return statement isn’t doing anything fancy. All we’re doing is using it to prevent the rest of the function from executing.
15. We get everything in the todo array regardless of whether or not it has certain values.In order to query based on certain values.I’m going to shut down the script by running the control c.
16. We’re going to make that .gitignore in the root of our project.If you remember this lets you specify files and folders that you want to leave out of your version control.
17. We will be using delete one which targets one document and removes it.Currently there are three out of five that fit that criteria.
18. Notice that mongoose automatically lower cased and plusalized “todo”.If I set trim equal to true it’s going to remove any leading or trailing whitespace.
19. This going to work.That’s because mongoose is going to cast your number in to a string essentially wrapping it in quotes.Notice it is indeed wrapped in quotes.
20. Postman lets you create HTTP requests and fire them off.It’s the exact same app it’s just specific to your os.Remember API, they don’t necessarily have a front end.There is no formatting there is no colorization.
21. We’re going to take a quick second to refactor everything we have in server.js because it doesn’t really belong here.
22. We have database configuration stuff which should live somewhere else and we have our models which should also live in separate files.The only thing we want in server.js is our express route handlers.I like to keep a space between local imports and library imports right here.
23. I’m going to fire up the server using node server.js.I can tweak it if I like.I’m going to leave them here and you can use them as a reference for what to do in the challenge.
24. Save the file make sure that the user shows up.This means we need to make this part of the url dynamic.This was by far the biggest challenge I’ve given you but that’s the goal.
25. We’re going to use return to prevent function execution.The condition failed and the 404 was indeed  returned.
26. There’s two things you need to tweak in package.js.
27. We can change that variable by flicking a switch over here in the environments dropdown.
28. Make sure both test cases pass. If they do you’re good to go.If they don’t go ahead and tweak things around.
29. Use google. That is not cheating it’s called being resourceful.And that’s what real developers do every single day.
30. I’m going to go ahead and tweak the text value a little bit adding a couple exclamation marks on the end.


### 第6组 180325
1. This mostly happens because Dave is focused on writing code for his development environment, and it’s not identical to the production environment.
2. Mary is a system administrator from the operations team.She is responsible for maintaining and assuring the uptime of the production environment.Her company continues to launch new products.
3. Usually when new code is released it takes a little massaging to fit into her environment.
4. Sometimes tom feels as though the developers have tossed their work over the wall to her and her team.
5. Plus they will have identical development and production environments based on the same configurations.Improve the time to deploy new code .Improve their ability to respond to market needs, or other things that impact software.
6. They will spend more time of the things that add more value to their organizations.
7. Generating, reading and analyzing system logs is extremely helpful to monitor an environment.This will allow them to know how the entire application is performing and identify bottlenecks.
8. And what break does, is it terminates the enclosing switch statement, and control continues at the line after the switch block.
9. My team is prepared before we perform any rollouts.Now I have a dashboard to view usage metrics.
10. Reuse of services and increased efficiencies have brought software development costs down.
11. The producer will talk to a destination this time is a messaging destination and then it will send a message.The consumer subscribe to a destination and get updates.
Consumer ask for messages in a periodic time or the messages can be pushed to you somehow but for that to happen you need a TCP connection just http connection wouldn’t work in that case .
12. Let’s actually go ahead and create a brand-new class ourselves.
13. Now, the public keyword is an access modifier that we use here to determine what access we want to allow others to have to this new class that we’re creating.So the word public means unrestricted access to the class.
14. So encapsulation in java is used to hide the fields and methods which we’ll see later from access publicly.
15. Null is the eternal default state for a class and also for a string.
16. Show you a trick to quickly create getters and setters using IntelliJ cuz it’s such a common thing that you do regularly.
17. For clarification,we can use this to make sure that this is the field that we’re updating.
18. We can write the serialization code ourselves  or use off the shelf library.
19. Although depending on your distribution it might be called the terminal or command prompt.spinning up a new thread
20. Now there are still a few weird quirks.We can cycle through the questions.I hit enter to use the default value which is in parentheses.
21. When you have an arrow function that has just one argument and you can actually leave off the parentheses().
22. You don’t have to switch back and forth every time you make a small tweak.This also prevents ton of errors.
23. arguments of vector.We can remove our console which was just a placeholder.
24. That is it for this one I will see you next time as we start filling out the individual functions.
25. You solve the first piece of the puzzle.It stands for javascript object notation and it’s a way to represent javascript arrays and objects using a string.
26. This might seem like   overkill.
27. We’ve essentially taken one line and replaced it with a different line but it is a good idea to start getting in the habit of creating reusable functions.Dollar sign with curly braces.
28. In this video we pulled out a lot of the code from add method into separate functions.
29. This lets us avoid if statements that make our else if clause for remove unnecessarily complex.(三目)This is the dry principle which stands for don’t repeat yourself.Cut it out and paste it right inside of the function.
30. This keeps our code dry and prevents us from having the same code in multiple places inside of our application.Give us a sneak peek into that data.I’m going to shut things down.(ctrl+c).Let’s go ahead and explore one other quirk the arrow functions have.

### 第5组
1. Whole number is not retaining any remainders.
2. So a double takes up twice the amount of memory than a float does.
3. And that in a nutshell is the float and the double.for dealing with single and double precision numbers in Java.
4. And just one last thing now just to finish off.Use underscores when defining a literal value.
5. Byte, short, int, long float, double, char, boolean, primitive types in Java.Byte-short-int-long and so on and so forth.Create your own data types also known as ‘objects’.
6. String is a sequence of characters.By using plus operator.We are dealing with textual data only.That’s the multiplication.result++;So the ‘++’ is saying  ‘increment the count result by one’
7. Depending on whether a value is ‘true’ or ‘false’
8. ==false.It’s testing to see whether the particular value is false.
9. And suddenly, we’ve got no  output.Because that value in the brackets has evaluated has been returned as false.
10. The next line of code isn’t executed.
11. Operator precedence.Make your code more clear and unambiguous.
12. Or operator only one of the conditions need to be true.ternary operator.
13. Nuts and bolts
14. Nothing more, nothing less.Depending on the edition of IntelliJ.
15. “Ultimate Edition”,This is the paid version of “IntelliJ”.Give you a lot more options.
16. refer back to
17. Finish off the set up of the ‘Project SDK’
18. ‘Project name ’ is self-explanatory.I don’t actually recommend you type ’spaces’
19. For a project name, you want to type in whatever it is.But don’t put any spaces in there.
20. I want to navigate to a new folder.click on ‘new folder’ type in ‘Java Programs’‘src’ which is the abbreviation for ‘source’
21. So I’m going to right-click that now.Huge menu of options
22. At the end of the first line. I’m putting spaces between them.An uppercase ‘P’.In this case, it’s highlighted in ‘red’ which is saying ‘there’s an error’
23. So do make sure you check your code carefully.IDEA will normally tell you what  the problem is.
24. So let’s finish off our first program.Then a  regular ‘bracket’[parenthesis].The word ‘String’ with a capital ’S’ I’m going to put a brace({) now.
25. Double quote.exclamation marks感叹号.
26. get rid of.A whole number without any decimal points.
27. We need to define what is called the ‘data type’.Then we need to assign a name to it.And optionally, we need to also define a ‘value’ to it.
28. Int all in lowercase. I’m going to call it myFirstNumber. Equals = . A semi-colon(;)semicolon
a punctuation mark.标点符号.
29. Dave is a developer, who writes code for new products, new features, security updates and bug fixes.
30. When dave’s code is finally deployed into the production environment, occasionally unforeseen errors or problems occur.

### 第4组
1. On a Mac I can hold down cmd+/.
2. Cmd+/ is the keyboard shortcut on a Mac.
3. Accessibility of variables.
4. The first  approach would be to create a complete new set of variables.The disadvantage with that approach is you’re using excess memory so you’re creating new variables that you don’t potentially need.
5. The advantage with that approach is it was quicker, we didn’t create new variables.
6. And the disadvantage with copying and pasting code is we’re duplicating code.
7. So that’s a handy way to know if you’ve got any methods that aren’t being used in your programs.Check to see whether they’re light gray in IntelliJ.
8. So, Let’s continue on with methods.Method overloading is very commonly used in Java.
9. Assign a variable to a method result.So it’s time for a challenge.
10. So what I want to do is just correct what was actually a flaw in the code that I’ve developed for this lecture.
11. There’s a logic hold in your challenge code and he’s actually quite correct.So there’s actually a bug in the code .So what should happen in theory.
12. It actually bypasses all of these and just goes down to the final else and returns ‘4’.
13. Fix all our logic problems.
14. slipped to position 4.
15. So thanks to A and B for pointing that out. 谢谢指出错误.
16. So keep that in mind, that is actually a really important thing to make sure when you testing your ranges, that you include everything.
17. It is the option where you use the same method name but with different parameters.
18. You can’t use an identical method with an identical number of parameters that is the problem there.
19. We got an error now in line 17 because we’re trying to access variable the parameter that no longer exists in this particular method.
20. We get rid of the parameters. (不要参数)
21. sort of outside that range in other words you want to return negative 1 (-1)for both of those scenarios.
22. To chain together some and conditions to do all checking on one line.
23. Open a code block.make a typo
24.
```
Summary of Operators
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/nutsandbolts/opsummary.html
java operator precedence table:
http://www.cs.bilkent.edu.tr/~guvenir/courses/CS101/op_precedence.html
```
25. Compare your results to mine.Expressions, statements, code blocks and methods.So, let’s make a start.
26. elaborate a little bit on expressions.
27. Now, Java has actually got 50 reserved words that are used for keywords in your applications.
28. A mile is equal to 1.6 kilometers.score=0 is also a valid expression as well.
29. a  statement is the entire line.So when in doubt, go up to the code menu, select Reformat code.Or you can use the appropriate  shortcut, which on a Mac you can see is CMD+Option+L.But that will be different obviously for a Windows or a linux platform.
30. So that’s statements, white space , and indentation.

### 第3组
1. Install the right version of the JDK.
2. Oracle now releasing new versions of Java every six months, instead of a new version once every 2-3 years.
3. Java9 will actually be retired in March 2018.Note that irrespective of what version  you download and use, you can follow along and get the maximum value from the course.
4. We’ll just let that finish off.A series of plugins on the screen
5. Some of the advanced things can only work with the ultimate product.
6. Specifically we’re going to install it on ubuntu 16.04
7. do something similar for your distro.(发行版)“/” forward slash.“- -” two dashes
8. I would successfully installed Java.
9. ‘src’ is an abbreviation for ‘source’.
10. When you create a new class in IntelliJ, it creates a file and it ends in .java.
11. So all java files that you’re creating end in ‘.java’
12. And looking at the sizes , you notice that ‘Hello.class’ is larger than the ‘Hello.java’.
13. looks a little bit like Mumbo-jumbo.
14. It certainly hasn’t got the same code.
15. The other thing I want to point out, is that IntelliJ product is automatically saving things for you.
16. It’s rare that you’ll ever need too.
17. Generally speaking, “IntelliJ” is handling the saving of this behind the scenes.
18. Click on this little ‘cog’. (齿轮)
19. Once you do that, you’ve got a free-standing window that you can move anywhere on the screen.
20. Manipulate “IntelliJ IDEA” and to create a custom layout that suits your machine.
21. So, let’s make a start on that right now.called the int which is short for integer.
22. Click on the Red Cross in the left(关闭) hand corner of the screen.
23. Int myValue=1000;Create a variable called myValue of type ‘integer’ with a value 10000.
24. So in computing terms the computer has allocated enough space to store an integer and it’s assigned a name for that variable of ‘myValue’.
25. If we hover our mouse.The maximum value is , by getting rid of the minus sign at the front, that’s the maximum number.
26. You can put underscores(_) in there to make the number more readable.
27. Now this has been a feature that has come out since Java7.
28. So if you’re typing in a literal , you can use underscores.
29. So if we try and exceed that, we get an error.(-128-127)
30. It can be far more efficient to use a byte because the computer is not allocating as much as space for a byte than it is for an integer.

### 第2组
1. Int has a width of 32.
2. Now technically that’s wrong(long  myLongValue=100).
3. just as a recap.只是一个回顾.
4. the forward slash is ‘divided by’.No problems there.
5. Byte myByteValue=-128;byte b2 = b1 / 2;
6. Whereas the one above is a literal, because it’s actually just a fixed number.
7. An integer takes up a lot more space than a byte, so that number physically won’t fit into the area of memory that has been assigned.
8. This is just a weird thing that Java does and what you need to do to get around that is you need to specifically say to java ,look,I want you to treat this as a byte.
9. Java by default if you don’t specify the type that you actually want, it converts it to an integer automatically.
10. I’m now going to issue a challenge to you.
11. Now that I’ve deleted that off the screen.
12. Lastly, create a variable of type long and make it equal to 50000.
13. Now, we’re not limited to just putting a number like that, we can actually put a mathematical expression there.
14. Now these mathematical processes can get quite complex.2*10: two times ten.
15. What will happen if I do this.I’ve surrounded it in double-quotes(‘’).
16. And the hint there is that it changed to ‘green’
17. This is not a variable.this is actually a string.We want you to print whatever is in there and not to try and decipher that as a variable but print it out as it was.
18. MyFirstNumber is assigned the value of 6.Third number which is 6.
19. I’m just going to copy and paste that.
20. And this a another good thing that ’IntelliJ’ will come up and tell you is if you  see a variable that’s grayed out like that, and you just hover your mouse over it. It actually gives you a hint and says well if myTotal is never used.
21. Set up this variable but it hasn’t been used anywhere.
22. Java is case sensitive
23. Define a new variable that had a difference between 1000 and the current value of ‘myTotal’?
24. 1000-myTotal        'look at the number 1000 deduct it from myTotal'
25. The difference between a 1000 and 117 is 883 if my math is correct.
26. That’s very much a common source of problems when you’re learning a new language is to get the syntax wrong.
27. I’ll just comment that out with the two backslashes(\\) as we’ve seen before.
28.
```
result=result-1 “ result equals result take (minus) 1”
result=result * 10 “ result equals result times by 10”
result=result / 10 “ result equals result divided by 10”
That’d be the multiplication sign(*) there.
Forward slash(/) is ‘divided by’

This one’s called the ‘remainder’(%) operator.
So what we want to do with the operation is we want to return what the ‘remainder’ is using two operands

Result = result % 3.
Give me the remainder of result divided by 3.
```
29. But we won’t be doing that right now.But what we can do is be all inclusive with yet another operator
And put greater than equal (>=) to 100.
30. Less than equal <=.topScore is set to 100.

### 第1组
1. So that’s using the ampersand(&)
2. Classes,Objects,Inheritance,Polymorphism,Encapsulation.
3. A class is simply a blueprint.So a class  would be an instruction manual by itself.
4. It doesn’t do anything inherently useful but once you instantiate that class once you use it to create something you’ll come up with an object at the end.
5. A class is simply a blueprint that can create an object.
6. A class can also have things inside it called methods that allow the object to do things.
7. And also in the class we have what are called properties.
8. Now the other difference between a class and an object is that on the whole A class does not change and there is only ever one class for an object.
9. But that’s an advanced topic and we will cover that later on.
10. So in the next lecture we’re going to go head and create a class and instantiate an Object which is the official terminology for building an object.
11. I’m going to set you a little homework.
12. I want you to practice instantiating an object from that class.I would like you to instantiate with color red and manufacturer.I’d like you to make a new saloon car class that inherits from Car class.
I hope you’ve learned something worthwhile.
13. I do recommend that you start this course in order.
14. And then inside the saloon car class putting in a new property.And I haven’t mentioned encapsulation which is the last topic we covered.
15. But that’s kind of implicitly covered.
16. Whenever we create objects inside our constructor we don’t necessarily know what our class constructor is doing.So we have covered encapsulation in that way.
17. So if you’ve enjoyed this course please leave me a a good review.If you haven’t please leave me a decent review and tell me what you didn’t enjoy about it.
18. in line with 符合.And in the future I will make the course more in line with what people might expect.
19. It’s vitally important that the the person who teaches you programming is passionate about doing so.
20. bear with me 忍受我.Industry best practices.Choose the highest available via the gear icon.
21. The higher the number the better the quality.In the bottom right-hand corner of the screen
22. Do note that depending on your internet speed the 1080P may not be available.
23. If you want to change the speed of the video when its playing you do this by hovering on the 1x icon and choosing the speed you want.
24. Type in a keyword or different words you’re looking for.Udemy will display a list of all the lectures in these course that have those words in the title.
25. You can also search for Questions and Answers by going to the Q&A tab.bearing in mind that
26. It’s going to prompt you to drag and drop an image or click it on the choose file button once you do that you can add the image to your questions.
27. Format the code and also nicely color codes as well so this could be a really good way to show the code that you’re working on.
28. Other students chime in and answer it.
29. One other thing I recommend you is when your question has been solved by either myself or another student or even yourself for that matter.it’s a great idea to mark it as solved.
30. 64-bit version of Windows.JRE stands for java Runtime Edition