### 第20组 180502
1. It is a heck of a lot of simpler.
2. So, why JavaScript and not something else?So,without further ado, let's dive right in.Get your hands dirty with some coding.HTML is responsible for holding the content of a web page,and css is responsible for styling this content and handling the layout.Css is for presentation.Now JS is the programming language that allows us add dynamics into the picture like dynamic effects, manipulation of the content or css and much more.
3. It’s better to keep the website content and the Javascript logic in separate places.Primitive just means that these are not objects.So, to make it simple, Boolean is either true or false.
4. Undefined: Data type of variable which does not have a value yet.Null, also means ‘non-existent’.Why does JS transform our number to a String?And this is something called type coercion.We do it very usually.
5. Changing the value of a variable is called variable mutation.
6. precedents of operators.How do we now retrieve an element out of this object? (Js).To read a value out of an object, there are two main ways.The first one is to use the dot notation.The second way is to use square brackets such as we did with the arrays.
7. We barely scratched the surface here, but it’s already a great amount of material here.Put it simply, break is to break out of the loop, so to finish the loop at a certain point, and continue is to quit the current iteration of the loop and continue with the next one.
8. So for someone who was born in 1990 ,they have thirty-nine years left for retirement.This variable is once again the window object.Even if don’t understand it now, I’m sure that you will eventually.ternary operator. 三元运算符.Inside a function using this is not very useful unless you’re using call apply or bind.
9. It’s always going to be either growing or shrinking with the parent.What is margin? Margin is actually distance between two elements.And like I said padding and margin are familiar because u can use it in the same way.
10. play the national anthem of the gold medal winner. 放国歌.
11. I am a software engineer based in New York.

### 第19组 180418
1. A can of pringles.
- Take an in-depth look at callback functions.
- a magazine clipping
2. you'll be intimately familiar with how these headers work.
6. you’re going to go into location and you’re going to grab those two props.(—save)This means we can get rid of the node modules folder which takes up a ton of space but we can always regenerate it using npm install.
7. This tells yargs to always parse the address argument as a string as opposed to something else like a number or a boolean.
9. Now that we have our options configuration in place we can go ahead.
10. And this is the kind of information that’s really important to track down.We can use the status text value to determine whether or not the request was successful.We have both of our errors handled.This is not exactly reusable and it really doesn’t belong here.
12. I’m not going to enter just yet because we do need to swap out some of this information.(https://api.darksky.net/forecast/[key]/[latitude],[longitude])
13. Stripping out white spaces from a string.
- It’s a little more cross OS friendly.So use the following script for cross OS compatibility.
- The version 1.0 is not backwards compatible with the version used here.
14. I’d recommend reading this book or checking out a course.
- This return statement isn’t doing anything fancy.All we’re doing is using it to prevent the rest of the function from executing.
15. We get everything in the todo array regardless of whether or not it has certain values.
- In order to query based on certain values.I’m going to shut down the script by running the control c.
16. We’re going to make that .gitignore in the root of our project.If you remember, this lets you specify files and folders that you want to leave out of your version control.
17. We will be using delete one which targets one document and removes it.Currently there are three out of five that fit that criteria.
20. Postman lets you create HTTP requests and fire them off.
- It’s the exact same app it’s just specific to your os.
- Remember API, they don’t necessarily have a front end.
- There is no formatting there is no colorization.
- I like to keep a space between local imports and library imports right here.
23. I’m going to fire up the server using `node server.js`.
- I can tweak it if I like.
- I’m going to leave them here and you can use them as a reference for what to do in the challenge.
24. This means we need to make this part of the url dynamic.
- This was by far the biggest challenge I’ve given you but that’s the goal.
25. We’re going to use return to prevent function execution.
- The condition failed and the 404 was indeed  returned.
26. There’s two things you need to tweak in package.js.
28. Make sure both test cases pass. If they do you’re good to go.If they don’t go ahead and tweak things around.
29. Use google. That is not cheating it’s called being resourceful.And that’s what real developers do every single day.
30. I’m going to go ahead and tweak the text value a little bit adding a couple exclamation marks on the end.

### 第18组 180325
1. This mostly happens because Dave is focused on writing code for his development environment, and it’s not identical to the production environment.
2. Mary is a system administrator from the operations team.She is responsible for maintaining and assuring the uptime of the production environment.Her company continues to launch new products.
4. Sometimes tom feels as though the developers have tossed their work over the wall to her and her team.
5. Plus they will have identical development and production environments based on the same configurations.Improve the time to deploy new code .
- Improve their ability to respond to market needs, or other things that impact software.
7. Generating, reading and analyzing system logs is extremely helpful to monitor an environment.This will allow them to know how the entire application is performing and identify bottlenecks.
8. And what break does, is it terminates the enclosing switch statement, and control continues at the line after the switch block.
9. My team is prepared before we perform any rollouts.
- Now I have a dashboard to view usage metrics.
10. Reuse of services and increased efficiencies have brought software development costs down.
12. Let’s actually go ahead and create a brand-new class ourselves.
14. So encapsulation in java is used to hide the fields and methods which we’ll see later from access publicly.
15. Null is the eternal default state for a class and also for a string.
16. Show you a trick to quickly create getters and setters using IntelliJ cuz it’s such a common thing that you do regularly.
18. We can write the serialization code ourselves  or use off the shelf library.
19. Although depending on your distribution it might be called the terminal or command prompt.spinning up a new thread
20. Now there are still a few weird quirks.We can cycle through the questions.I hit enter to use the default value which is in parentheses.
21. When you have an arrow function that has just one argument and you can actually leave off the parentheses().
22. You don’t have to switch back and forth every time you make a small tweak.This also prevents ton of errors.
23. arguments of vector.We can remove our console which was just a placeholder.
24. That is it for this one I will see you next time as we start filling out the individual functions.
25. You solve the first piece of the puzzle.It stands for javascript object notation and it’s a way to represent javascript arrays and objects using a string.
26. This might seem like   overkill.
27. We’ve essentially taken one line and replaced it with a different line but it is a good idea to start getting in the habit of creating reusable functions.Dollar sign with curly braces.
28. In this video we pulled out a lot of the code from add method into separate functions.
29. This lets us avoid if statements that make our else if clause for remove unnecessarily complex.(三目)This is the dry principle which stands for don’t repeat yourself.Cut it out and paste it right inside of the function.
30. This keeps our code dry and prevents us from having the same code in multiple places inside of our application.Give us a sneak peek into that data.I’m going to shut things down.(ctrl+c).Let’s go ahead and explore one other quirk the arrow functions have.

### 第17组
1. Whole number is not retaining any remainders.
2. So a double takes up twice the amount of memory than a float does.
3. And that in a nutshell is the float and the double.for dealing with single and double precision numbers in Java.
4. And just one last thing now just to finish off.Use underscores when defining a literal value.
5. Byte, short, int, long float, double, char, boolean, primitive types in Java.Byte-short-int-long and so on and so forth.Create your own data types also known as ‘objects’.
6. String is a sequence of characters.By using plus operator.We are dealing with textual data only.That’s the multiplication.result++;So the ‘++’ is saying  ‘increment the count result by one’
7. Depending on whether a value is ‘true’ or ‘false’
8. ==false.It’s testing to see whether the particular value is false.
9. And suddenly, we’ve got no  output.Because that value in the brackets has evaluated has been returned as false.
10. The next line of code isn’t executed.
11. Operator precedence.Make your code more clear and unambiguous.
12. Or operator only one of the conditions need to be true.ternary operator.
13. Nuts and bolts
14. Nothing more, nothing less.Depending on the edition of IntelliJ.
15. “Ultimate Edition”,This is the paid version of “IntelliJ”.Give you a lot more options.
16. refer back to
17. Finish off the set up of the ‘Project SDK’
18. ‘Project name ’ is self-explanatory.I don’t actually recommend you type ’spaces’
19. For a project name, you want to type in whatever it is.But don’t put any spaces in there.
20. I want to navigate to a new folder.click on ‘new folder’ type in ‘Java Programs’‘src’ which is the abbreviation for ‘source’
21. So I’m going to right-click that now.Huge menu of options
22. At the end of the first line. I’m putting spaces between them.An uppercase ‘P’.In this case, it’s highlighted in ‘red’ which is saying ‘there’s an error’
23. So do make sure you check your code carefully.IDEA will normally tell you what  the problem is.
24. So let’s finish off our first program.Then a  regular ‘bracket’[parenthesis].The word ‘String’ with a capital ’S’ I’m going to put a brace({) now.
25. Double quote.exclamation marks感叹号.
26. get rid of.A whole number without any decimal points.
27. We need to define what is called the ‘data type’.Then we need to assign a name to it.And optionally, we need to also define a ‘value’ to it.
28. Int all in lowercase. I’m going to call it myFirstNumber. Equals = . A semi-colon(;)semicolon
a punctuation mark.标点符号.
29. Dave is a developer, who writes code for new products, new features, security updates and bug fixes.
30. When dave’s code is finally deployed into the production environment, occasionally unforeseen errors or problems occur.

### 第16组
1. On a Mac I can hold down cmd+/.
2. Cmd+/ is the keyboard shortcut on a Mac.
3. Accessibility of variables.
4. The first  approach would be to create a complete new set of variables.The disadvantage with that approach is you’re using excess memory so you’re creating new variables that you don’t potentially need.
5. The advantage with that approach is it was quicker, we didn’t create new variables.
6. And the disadvantage with copying and pasting code is we’re duplicating code.
7. So that’s a handy way to know if you’ve got any methods that aren’t being used in your programs.Check to see whether they’re light gray in IntelliJ.
8. So, Let’s continue on with methods.Method overloading is very commonly used in Java.
9. Assign a variable to a method result.So it’s time for a challenge.
10. So what I want to do is just correct what was actually a flaw in the code that I’ve developed for this lecture.
11. There’s a logic hold in your challenge code and he’s actually quite correct.So there’s actually a bug in the code .So what should happen in theory.
12. It actually bypasses all of these and just goes down to the final else and returns ‘4’.
13. Fix all our logic problems.
14. slipped to position 4.
15. So thanks to A and B for pointing that out. 谢谢指出错误.
16. So keep that in mind, that is actually a really important thing to make sure when you testing your ranges, that you include everything.
17. It is the option where you use the same method name but with different parameters.
18. You can’t use an identical method with an identical number of parameters that is the problem there.
19. We got an error now in line 17 because we’re trying to access variable the parameter that no longer exists in this particular method.
20. We get rid of the parameters. (不要参数)
21. sort of outside that range in other words you want to return negative 1 (-1)for both of those scenarios.
22. To chain together some and conditions to do all checking on one line.
23. Open a code block.make a typo
24.
```
Summary of Operators
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/nutsandbolts/opsummary.html
java operator precedence table:
http://www.cs.bilkent.edu.tr/~guvenir/courses/CS101/op_precedence.html
```
25. Compare your results to mine.Expressions, statements, code blocks and methods.So, let’s make a start.
26. elaborate a little bit on expressions.
27. Now, Java has actually got 50 reserved words that are used for keywords in your applications.
28. A mile is equal to 1.6 kilometers.score=0 is also a valid expression as well.
29. a  statement is the entire line.So when in doubt, go up to the code menu, select Reformat code.Or you can use the appropriate  shortcut, which on a Mac you can see is CMD+Option+L.But that will be different obviously for a Windows or a linux platform.
30. So that’s statements, white space , and indentation.

### 第15组
1. Install the right version of the JDK.
2. Oracle now releasing new versions of Java every six months, instead of a new version once every 2-3 years.
3. Java9 will actually be retired in March 2018.Note that irrespective of what version  you download and use, you can follow along and get the maximum value from the course.
4. We’ll just let that finish off.A series of plugins on the screen
5. Some of the advanced things can only work with the ultimate product.
6. Specifically we’re going to install it on ubuntu 16.04
7. do something similar for your distro.(发行版)“/” forward slash.“- -” two dashes
8. I would successfully installed Java.
9. ‘src’ is an abbreviation for ‘source’.
10. When you create a new class in IntelliJ, it creates a file and it ends in .java.
11. So all java files that you’re creating end in ‘.java’
12. And looking at the sizes , you notice that ‘Hello.class’ is larger than the ‘Hello.java’.
13. looks a little bit like Mumbo-jumbo.
14. It certainly hasn’t got the same code.
15. The other thing I want to point out, is that IntelliJ product is automatically saving things for you.
16. It’s rare that you’ll ever need too.
17. Generally speaking, “IntelliJ” is handling the saving of this behind the scenes.
18. Click on this little ‘cog’. (齿轮)
19. Once you do that, you’ve got a free-standing window that you can move anywhere on the screen.
20. Manipulate “IntelliJ IDEA” and to create a custom layout that suits your machine.
21. So, let’s make a start on that right now.called the int which is short for integer.
22. Click on the Red Cross in the left(关闭) hand corner of the screen.
23. Int myValue=1000;Create a variable called myValue of type ‘integer’ with a value 10000.
24. So in computing terms the computer has allocated enough space to store an integer and it’s assigned a name for that variable of ‘myValue’.
25. If we hover our mouse.The maximum value is , by getting rid of the minus sign at the front, that’s the maximum number.
26. You can put underscores(_) in there to make the number more readable.
27. Now this has been a feature that has come out since Java7.
28. So if you’re typing in a literal , you can use underscores.
29. So if we try and exceed that, we get an error.(-128-127)
30. It can be far more efficient to use a byte because the computer is not allocating as much as space for a byte than it is for an integer.

### 第14组
1. Int has a width of 32.
2. Now technically that’s wrong(long  myLongValue=100).
3. just as a recap.只是一个回顾.
4. the forward slash is ‘divided by’.No problems there.
5. Byte myByteValue=-128;byte b2 = b1 / 2;
6. Whereas the one above is a literal, because it’s actually just a fixed number.
7. An integer takes up a lot more space than a byte, so that number physically won’t fit into the area of memory that has been assigned.
8. This is just a weird thing that Java does and what you need to do to get around that is you need to specifically say to java ,look,I want you to treat this as a byte.
9. Java by default if you don’t specify the type that you actually want, it converts it to an integer automatically.
10. I’m now going to issue a challenge to you.
11. Now that I’ve deleted that off the screen.
12. Lastly, create a variable of type long and make it equal to 50000.
13. Now, we’re not limited to just putting a number like that, we can actually put a mathematical expression there.
14. Now these mathematical processes can get quite complex.2*10: two times ten.
15. What will happen if I do this.I’ve surrounded it in double-quotes(‘’).
16. And the hint there is that it changed to ‘green’
17. This is not a variable.this is actually a string.We want you to print whatever is in there and not to try and decipher that as a variable but print it out as it was.
18. MyFirstNumber is assigned the value of 6.Third number which is 6.
19. I’m just going to copy and paste that.
20. And this a another good thing that ’IntelliJ’ will come up and tell you is if you  see a variable that’s grayed out like that, and you just hover your mouse over it. It actually gives you a hint and says well if myTotal is never used.
21. Set up this variable but it hasn’t been used anywhere.
22. Java is case sensitive
23. Define a new variable that had a difference between 1000 and the current value of ‘myTotal’?
24. 1000-myTotal        'look at the number 1000 deduct it from myTotal'
25. The difference between a 1000 and 117 is 883 if my math is correct.
26. That’s very much a common source of problems when you’re learning a new language is to get the syntax wrong.
27. I’ll just comment that out with the two backslashes(\\) as we’ve seen before.
28.
```
result=result-1 “ result equals result take (minus) 1”
result=result * 10 “ result equals result times by 10”
result=result / 10 “ result equals result divided by 10”
That’d be the multiplication sign(*) there.
Forward slash(/) is ‘divided by’

This one’s called the ‘remainder’(%) operator.
So what we want to do with the operation is we want to return what the ‘remainder’ is using two operands

Result = result % 3.
Give me the remainder of result divided by 3.
```
29. But we won’t be doing that right now.But what we can do is be all inclusive with yet another operator
And put greater than equal (>=) to 100.
30. Less than equal <=.topScore is set to 100.

### 第13组
1. So that’s using the ampersand(&)
2. Classes,Objects,Inheritance,Polymorphism,Encapsulation.
3. A class is simply a blueprint.So a class  would be an instruction manual by itself.
4. It doesn’t do anything inherently useful but once you instantiate that class once you use it to create something you’ll come up with an object at the end.
5. A class is simply a blueprint that can create an object.
6. A class can also have things inside it called methods that allow the object to do things.
7. And also in the class we have what are called properties.
8. Now the other difference between a class and an object is that on the whole A class does not change and there is only ever one class for an object.
9. But that’s an advanced topic and we will cover that later on.
10. So in the next lecture we’re going to go head and create a class and instantiate an Object which is the official terminology for building an object.
11. I’m going to set you a little homework.
12. I want you to practice instantiating an object from that class.I would like you to instantiate with color red and manufacturer.I’d like you to make a new saloon car class that inherits from Car class.
I hope you’ve learned something worthwhile.
13. I do recommend that you start this course in order.
14. And then inside the saloon car class putting in a new property.And I haven’t mentioned encapsulation which is the last topic we covered.
15. But that’s kind of implicitly covered.
16. Whenever we create objects inside our constructor we don’t necessarily know what our class constructor is doing.So we have covered encapsulation in that way.
17. So if you’ve enjoyed this course please leave me a a good review.If you haven’t please leave me a decent review and tell me what you didn’t enjoy about it.
18. in line with 符合.And in the future I will make the course more in line with what people might expect.
19. It’s vitally important that the the person who teaches you programming is passionate about doing so.
20. bear with me 忍受我.Industry best practices.Choose the highest available via the gear icon.
21. The higher the number the better the quality.In the bottom right-hand corner of the screen
22. Do note that depending on your internet speed the 1080P may not be available.
23. If you want to change the speed of the video when its playing you do this by hovering on the 1x icon and choosing the speed you want.
24. Type in a keyword or different words you’re looking for.Udemy will display a list of all the lectures in these course that have those words in the title.
25. You can also search for Questions and Answers by going to the Q&A tab.bearing in mind that
26. It’s going to prompt you to drag and drop an image or click it on the choose file button once you do that you can add the image to your questions.
27. Format the code and also nicely color codes as well so this could be a really good way to show the code that you’re working on.
28. Other students chime in and answer it.
29. One other thing I recommend you is when your question has been solved by either myself or another student or even yourself for that matter.it’s a great idea to mark it as solved.
30. 64-bit version of Windows.JRE stands for java Runtime Edition

第12组 180423
1. take offense (at) (something):To be or feel insulted, offended, or humiliated by something
2. take offense (at someone or something):to be insulted by someone or something.
- I'm sorry you took offense. I meant no harm.
- If you thought it's for visual studio that's okay I won't take offense.
3. Give me an idea of how many of you have heard of vscode?
4. squash down:to crush something down; to pack something down
- squash the ice cream down so the air will be pushed out. Who squashed down my hat?
- Today I tried to squash down the ten most important tips and tricks.
5. sweat equity:Sweat equity is a term used often when talking about the creation or building process. It’s about doing the work — the hard work — to bring an idea to life.
- you've built up the sweat equity this muscle memory.
6. brain-dead:extremely stupid.having suffered brain death.
- "brain-dead patients"
- "the brain-dead politics of the past"
7. faulty logic.Once we add user account we’re going to be locking down that data.In this video to head down the path towards authentication we’re going to be adding the necessary properties to the user model that are currently missing.
8. We never want to be storing our passwords in plain text.Token is also like the password going to be a really strong cryptographically secure string.You’re going to pick off the properties we want which will just be email and password.
9. If the two hashes are identical then the password is correct.For now specifying just one property ID. (Object)That would be a really big security flaw.Prevent this trickery.Salting a hash means you add something on to  the hash that is unique that changes the value.
10. I’m going to comment out all of the code we have so far both examples.We are going to send the token back to the user when they either sign up or log in.For example let’s manipulate the data by concatenating on the number one.Only when the token is unaltered and the secret is the same as the one used to create the token are we going to get the data back.
11. sports water bottle
12. destine for
- Shortly after, I was assigned a project that seemed destined for promotion.
13. make headlines 成为头条新闻
- A few months later, Google made headlines when they ended their long-standing tradition of giving lavish holiday gifts to all of their employees.
14. I provide a service to Google in exchange for money.Firgure out what the promotion committee wants, and do that work exclusively.Before starting any task, I ask myself whether it would help my case for promotion.If the answer was no,I didn't do it.I didn't file or fix any bugs unless they risked my project's launch.
15. I was assigned to untangle it from our sister team's code and migrate it to a new framework,all while keeping it running in production and hitting its performance metrics.
16. If I ever made a mistake at Google that cost the company $10 million, I would suffer no consequences.
17. At google, I didn't feel in control of my own projects, much less my career growth or my team's direction.
18. There were only a  few months left until I could reapply for promotion, so I decided to give it one last shot. They will serve as a bridge from business needs to technical requirements.
19. I'm going to hang out with my friends.Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.Teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime.Not perfect, but good enough.The difficulty of reviewing bad code grows exponentially with size.
20. You nailed it.means you got something exactly right, or did something perfectly well.
21. screw up:to make a serious mistake, or to spoil something, especially a situation
- They'll improve faster if you tell them when they got it right instead of just waiting to ding them when they screw up.
- He made a bad decision that screwed up his entire life.
22. Meet in person or over video chat.
23. heck of a: 1. Quite good or impressive 2. Very difficult.
- That was one heck of a party you threw for Kelly. Everyone said they had such a great time. He's a heck of a ballplayer. I wouldn't be surprised if he made it to the pros someday.
- I had a heck of a time trying to change the flat tire. The lug nuts didn't want to budge.
24. A good manager will help both of you address these issues.If possible, avoid sending each other code reviews for a few weeks until things cool down.
25. close off:To prevent access to a particular area or thing. In this usage, a noun or pronoun can be used between "close" and "off."
- I had to take a detour on my way home because the water department closed off a bunch of streets.
- Lists can close you off to spontaneity and exploration of things you didn't plan for.
26. counter-intuitive
- This a bit counter-intuitive.(这有点反直觉)
27. blow someone's mind:affect someone very strongly.To extremely impress, overwhelm, or excite one.
- The show of support from everyone just blew my mind. I had really low expectations for that movie, but it totally blew my mind.
28. If you're a citizen or have the appropriate paperwork, this is no big deal.Remember,HR is there to keep the company out of hot water,and they are never there for you.
29. take the plunge
- What's the takeaway here? Konw how the company works before you take the plunge.
30. imho. abbr in my humble opinion.Q:What's new? A: not too much.

第11组 180418
1. That's really not any more useful than writing 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 though. 这跟直接写成 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 也没什么区别。though adv. （用在句末补充说明使语气减弱）不过
2. open ended:having no determined limit or boundary.
- open ended question.
3. play around:behave in a casual, foolish, or irresponsible way.
-  play around with : To manipulate or work with something without a clear sense of method.
-  you shouldn't play around with a child's future.
-  We played around with the old television set, trying to see if we could make it work.
4. blur the line
- Their adverts blur the line between art and advertising.
5. go-to:used to describe the best person to deal with a particular problem or do a particular thing, or the best place to get a particular thing or service.
- For 20 years, Wild Mountain was the go-to store for outdoor enthusiasts.
- He was the company's go-to guy for new ideas.
- Being able to set up a static directory that easily has made node the go to choice for simple projects that don't really require a backend.
6. check out:
- To confirm that one has vacated one's hotel room (and pay the bill).
- We have to check out in an hour, so you guys seriously need to start packing!
7. nothing more than
- A script is nothing more than a command that we run from the terminal.
8. dig around: try to find information about someone or something
- Then you dig around for information online and you get really simple examples but not examples for testing real world things like asynchronous code or express applications.
9. Stripping out white spaces from a string.
10. tack on:To add something on to something else. A noun or pronoun can be used between "tack" or "on.".
-  I tack my children's drawings on the kitchen door. The teacher set up a big corkboard, and each child tacked on a poem.
- We can simulate this by simply tacking on another adding on something like 22.
- We have this in place we could go ahead and tack on a then call to do something when an either succeeds or fails.
11. mess (something) up:to make a mistake or do something wrong:to break, damage, or spoil something:
- I messed up – I'm sorry.
- I really messed up on the second question on the test.
- We had a chance to win the game and we messed it up.
- I messed up my ankle playing soccer.
12. heavy lifting
- We'll be using an assertion library to help with the heavy lifting.
13. set someone up:establish someone in a particular capacity or role.restore or enhance the health of someone.
- his father set him up in business
- after my operation, the doctor recommended a cruise to set me up again
14. type out:To produce something by typing:
-  I typed out an angry letter to the editor. It took the writer one month to type a manuscript out.
15. work around:To achieve a goal in such a way as to avoid some difficulty:
- Can we work around the problem, or do we have to solve it?
- So here's how we're going to work around that.
16. pound sign #
17. pan out
- To prove successful, effective, or satisfactory; turn out well: I'm glad to see that your business plan has panned out.
- To have some specified result: My plans panned out poorly.
18. mark out:To establish explicitly the outline, boundary, or shape of some region or thing, by or as if by drawing lines or points around it
- We marked out the territory we wanted to explore on the map. Let's mark out the boundaries of the new garden.
19. hold out:To refuse an offer or agreement, usually in order to wait for something else.
-  He is expected to end his three-week hold out and join the team tomorrow.
-  I think they're lowballing me, so I plan to hold out for a better contract.
20. for the time being:At the present moment; for now.for the present; until some other arrangement is made.
- For the time being, our plans remain unchanged until something convinces us otherwise.
- Let's just stay focused on this for the time being. We can address other issues later in the meeting.
21. bunch of
- a bunch of junk we don't really care about.
22. in favor of (someone or something)
- In support of.Everyone I've talked to is in favor of the new dress code, so hopefully management will endorse it. All in favor of adopting the new rules say "aye." As a traditionalist, my father was never in favor of the changes they made to the town.
- On the side of, as of a legal ruling.
- Instead choosing (something else).
- We didn't have room in the budget for both, so we canceled our vacation in favor of a getting a new car.
23. back up:To save copies of computer files in another place, in case the original files become inaccessible.
- If you didn't back up your files before the computer crashed, they may be lost forever.
24. set in stone:Permanent. Typically refers to a plan or idea.
- We might get brunch next weekend, but nothing is set in stone yet.
- Keep in mind that these blueprints are not set in stone—they're just to give you a feel for the design.
- Now remember none of this is really set in stone.there are just general guidelines and best practices for API development right here.
25. from rags to riches.
- These 17 rags-to-riches stories remind us that through determination, grit, and a little bit of luck anyone can overcome their circumstances and achieve extraordinary success. 
26. put your money where your mouth is: stop talking what you can do and start acting.If you say that you want someone to put their money where their mouth is, you want them to spend money to improve a bad situation, instead of just talking about improving it.
27. my two cents:It is used to preface the tentative statement of one’s opinion.
- this is just my two cents but I think......
28. cost an arm or leg.
- rent in San Francisco costs an arm and leg.
29. coin(verb) a new term.
30. I’m babysitting my friend’s dog and he is chewing his toy.

### 第10组
2. puzzle out:to understand or find (something, such as the answer to a difficult problem) by careful thinking
- She puzzled out the meaning of the strange phrase.
3. map out: to plan the details of (something, such as a program or one's future)
- We mapped out a plan of action
- They mapped her campaign for governor all out
- She has her future all mapped out.
4. be doomed to +n. 注定.to fix the fate of
- felt he was doomed to a life of loneliness
- And luckily, we're not doomed to use approximations forever.
5. vocal tract: 声道.
what’s the IPA made of?
Well, it basically comes in two parts: a vowel chart , and a consonant chart.
6. rule of thumb:a method of judging a situation or condition that is not exact but is based on experience.
- As a rule of thumb, the ice on the lake should be at least two inches thick to support one person.
7. so far  so good:progress has been satisfactory up to now.
- "How's the job going?”  So far, so good.
8. swap out:To remove something and replace or exchange it
- We’re going to be swapping userInfo out with user.Username.
- swap out the url with the url I just copied.
9. beef up something:to make something stronger or more effective, esp. by adding more support:
- The company has beefed up its e-mail service.
10. Bells and whistles:Attractive additional features or fittings
- Now if you are looking for a more premium editor with all of the bells and whistles in IDE as opposed to a text editor.
- All the cool bells and whistles it has included.
11. cycle through:circulate
- antibodies circulate in the bloodstream
12. heck of a lot of:Quite a large amount of.
- My car has been costing me a heck of a lot of money in repairs lately. It might be time to get a new one.
13. sort out:verb (tr, adverb) to find a solution to (a problem, etc), esp to make clear or tidy.
-  it took a long time to sort out the mess.
14. wound up :brought to a state of great tension; "all wound up for a fight"
- brought to a state of great tension; "all wound up for a fight"
15. leave off:discontinue (an activity).to quit something.② To fail to include something or someone in something, as a list; omit something or someone:
- I have to leave off working for a while so I can eat.
- We left them off the guest list because of their behavior at our last party.
- We're going to grab the authenticate file leaving off the js extension.
16. wire sth up (to sth):to connect a piece of electrical equipment to something else, or to connect the wires inside it so that it works
- Even people living in remote areas are now wired up to the internet.
17. wrap something up:complete or conclude a discussion or agreement.
- they hope to wrap up negotiations within sixty days
- The last thing I want to do before we wrap this video up is switch how we fetch the command.
18. curly braces:{}
- We’re going to start by opening and closing some curly braces.
19. Square brackets []
20. walk someone through:guide (someone) carefully through a process.
- a meeting to walk parents through the complaint process
21. Ins and outs:intricacies; particulars; peculiarities:
- In this video you’re going to learn the ins and outs of the arrow function .
22. stick with:persevere or continue with.
- I'm happy to stick with the present team.
23. in place
- In the appropriate or usual position or order: With everything in place, she started the slide show.
- In the same spot; without moving forwards or backwards: While marching in place, the band played a popular tune.
24. pull off:To be able to perform or complete something, especially in the face of hardships, difficulties, or setbacks.
- With this in place we’ve now successfully pulled off the data we need to make that request to the weather API in the next video.
- We're going to pull off mongo client just like this.
25. boot up:To turn on a computer.
- And then we can boot up a node process by typing node.
26. mess around/about:to play with or fiddle with something idly and with no good purpose.
- I'd like to mess around in here first and then I go ahead and add it into the actual application.
27. fire off:To hastily write and send a message.To make statements or ask questions in rapid succession.
- He's always firing off angry emails and getting himself into trouble.
- He fired off so many questions that I couldn't keep track of them all.
- This is going to fire off the request and right here we get out data back.(HTTP)
28. try out:to test or put to experimental use
-  I'm going to try the new car out.
- It's important to try out all sorts of data. good data like a real address and bad data like an invalid zip code.
29. there is no way around it.
- There is no way around it = there is no way to avoid; there is no alternative to.
- There is no way around the fact that..." means "It is always true that....
30. not anymore:used when something used to happen or be true in the past but does not happen or is not true now SYN no longer
- Nick doesn’t live here anymore.
- I don't really like her anymore.

### 第9组
1. zip through. To accomplish or proceed with something swiftly and energetically. Or To read something quickly and with ease.
- She zipped through college in just three years.
- I zipped through five chapters of Great Expectations in less than an hour.
2. instant gratification
- I Want It Now! Managing Instant Gratification.
- Best of all, you can look forward to instant gratification, because the answers to the quizzes are included.
3. We also recommend that those who are serious about improving their English grammar always keep a dictionary close by and use it assiduously.
4. breeze through (something): 1 To do something easily with little effort or concern. 2 To travel through some place quickly and with little interest.
- Europe isn't a place you can just breeze through—there are so many famous sites to visit!
- It's so frustrating that my best friend can just breeze through chemistry while I study for days and barely get a passing grade.
5. take on.
-  to begin to perform or deal with.eg: took on new responsibilities
-  to contend with as an opponent. eg: took on the neighborhood bully
6. There is always multiple solutions to a problem.
7. bend the rules:If you bend the rules, you do something which is not allowed, either to help someone else or for your own advantage.
- You're not supposed to have sweets when you get home from school, but I guess we can bend the rules a little.
8. idol.Who is your idol?  idle:无所事事.
9. shoot off.to leave somewhere quickly or suddenly
-  I have to shoot off to my next appointment.
-  Sorry, but I’ll have to shoot off before the end of the meeting.
10. Distill it down to eight principles.
11. What is autonomy? Giving people as much freedom as possible to do the job at hand.
12. be bound to.: to be forced to admit.
- The experiment, I am bound to say, seems to have succeeded.
- Don’t lie to her. She’s bound to find out.
- When you are dealing with so many patients, mistakes are bound to happen.
13. homogeneous versioning and heterogeneous versioning.
14. Providing backward compatibility is the real goal of contract versioning.
15. Although this may seem like a reasonable solution for calculating a service response timeout, it is riddled with problems.
16. atomicity, consistency, isolation, and durability
17. i.e. = "that is"
18. We have a tight project schedule.For the sake of illustration, some of the models show information that goes beyond that contained in the following paragraph, whereas other models depict just part of the information presented here.
19. This is an area in which the microservices pattern stands out from the crowd.
20. It’s so heavy I can’t lift it!
21. Bod used to wear glasses, but he recently switched to contact lenses. He prefers them.Lisa used to be a real party animal, but she rarely goes out now.
22. warp speed:  the highest possible speed
- In a streaming world, everything moves at warp speed.
23. It is you who are mistaken. It is I who am sorry  .He is the only one of those men who is always on time. I invited him and his wife. Whom should I vote for?
24. better-off: being in comfortable economic circumstances
- I do remember at the private school I went to there other kid whose families were better off.
- In most cases, you’re better off reusing existing content by referring to it instead of replicating it.
25. fine-grained/coarser-grained
26.  in the aforementioned
27. You can make use of the standard infrastructure of the web, e.g. HTTP caches, instead of having to reinvent the wheel.
28. take refuge:take refuge in something. to hide in something; to seek safety or the comfort of being safe in something.
29. Patterns and tactics together constitute the software architect’s primary tools of the trade.

### 第8组
1. I’m really sorry , but I’m too sick to go to work today.No problem, make sure you get enough rest.
2. At the movie premiere.the premier authority on butterflies.a space shuttle on its premier voyage
3.
```
    had better + basic verb(walk, see, go etc.)
    had better +  not + basic verb(walk, see, go etc.)
    You had better not be late for work.There is an important meeting today.
    Hadn’t + I/he/she/etc. + better + basic verb (walk, see, to etc)
    Hadn’t we better drive?It’s quite far to walk.
```
4. at a glance:with a quick look.
- She was able to identify the problem at a glance.
5. uncountable/countable noun
6. Put that in doctrine.
7. full disclosure.
8. Though he is poor, yet he is respected.Though ..... yet
9. everybody will get head in no time
10. I’m a grammar purist.
11. Use at your own discretion(the freedom to decide what should be done in a particular situation.).
12. turn heads.attract a great deal of attention or interest.
- She recently turned heads with a nude scene.
13. Run-on sentence definition. A grammatically faulty sentence in which two or more main or independent clauses are joined without a word to connect them or a punctuation mark to separate them: “The fog was thick he could not find his way home.”
14. the overhead of A is not justified.
15. What a waste of time.prohibitively expensive.
- Is the cost of higher education becoming prohibitive?
- Car insurance can be prohibitively expensive for young drivers.
16. it's not a trivial task.
17. watch out for .....Anytime the product champion is a former or simulated user, watch out for disconnects between the champion’s perceptions and the current needs of real users.
18. I rarely drive above 60 mph.
19. Expect to encounter resistance when you propose the idea of having product champions on your projects.
20. flesh out.
- You need to flesh out your plan with more details.
- She fleshes out the characters in her novels very well.
21. mutually exclusive.
- The product owner and product champion schemes are not mutually exclusive.
22. An on-site customer doesn’t guarantee the desired outcome.
23. straw man models.
24. However, a few cautions will decrease the learning curve.
25. There is a good solution to getting around this problem.
26. We want to keep things categorical.
27. The extend use case will only happen if certain criteria are met..
28. among other things:in addition to things that are not specifically mentioned.
- The study found, among other things, that men and women are equally at risk for the disease.
29.  in layman's terms (=in words that someone who is not an expert can understand):
30. First and foremost.

### 第7组-2018-03-13
1. Get in line(排队)PIN:personal identification number.
2. Open/close an account.(checking account / saving account.)
3. Exchage currency. What’s your rate?
4. Get a credit card/open a credit account.
5. This is going to be our simulated IO function that is going to a database fetching some user data and printing it to the screen.
6. Both files do the same thing they just do it in different ways.
7. On line 4. 在代码的第4行.So right here we have are some printing to the screen in barely any time.(几乎不用时间).This means our machine sits around idle waiting for the databases to respond and can’t even do something.It took me a good six months to a year to actually understand the fundamental pillars of what it was.
8.  Prevent extraneous features from appearing.
9. Be neutral.
10. Accommodate evolving needs.
11. closed caption.
12. It's okay to substitute vegetable oil for butter.用植物油代替黄油也一样。you'll be getting a substitute until your regular teacher is feeling better.if you like, you can use nuts as a substitute for coconut in that recipe
13. to deduct losses from the total receipts从总收入中减去损失的数额.1000-myTotal 'look at the number 1000 deduct it from myTotal'
14. What is the difference between a transitive and intransitive verb?
15. Facilitate prioritization—ensure successful negotiation between users and developers
16. A unique identier and a succinct name that states the user goal.
17. Use cases and business rules are intertwined.
18. next time, we can cope it up.
19. Apportioning of requirements.Who’s to Blame?
- Apportioning Liability in Motor Vehicle Accidents
- Representatives are apportioned among the states.
- Apportion the expenses between the parties involved.
20. commercial loading only
21. at one's sole risk
22. In general, mappings between structures are many to many.
23. We will examine a baker's dozen of the most important reasons.
24. off-the-shelf
25. marshaling and unmarshaling messages
26. Refine your understanding
27. A verb can have the following forms.
- The base form.
- The -s or -es form.
- The present participle or ing form
- The past tense form.
- The past participle form.
28. Connection with the present-already, just, ever, never, yet, for, since , many times .
```
I’ve just said.
When I came home, she had already left.
I’ll have reached the next level by next month.
I have been learning English for 3 years.
When I came home, she had been reading that book for half an hour.
I will have been working on this project for 2 weeks by next month.
```
29. If you’re determined enough, you can do anything in life. With enough dedication anything is possible.
30. There are too many cars and too much pollution in this city.I’m thinking about moving to another place .

### 第6组-2018-03-11
1. a loaf of bread.一块面包.a roll of tissue.一卷纸.
2. stay tuned
3. idiomatic expressions习惯用语
4. signed integer.有符号整数.
5. Why don’t you come to my house and we’ll think of something.OK,I’ll be there in about an hour.Ok, see you later.
6. Have you had breakfast yet?No, Have you? No, I have not.My aunt has a breakfast shop near here.OK, let’s go there.
7. John, Is my aunt here?No, she isn’t. She should be in around.(in around在附近)
8. What do you like to have for breakfast?I usually like to have an omelet.
9. What kind of ice cream do you want?What kind of ice cream do you have?
10. Let’s pay the bill first.
11. Keep the change. Yes, it’s the tip for you.
12. I haven’t seen you in yeas. How are you?I thought I wouldn’t see you again.
13. Are you married?No, I’m not married yet.
14. I hope to see you later bobby.That’s such a long time.
15. Are there many people on the train during the rush hour?There are many people in the morning before work.There are many people in the evening after work.At other times? No,Not so many people.Let’s take a taxi.
16. What about the quality?Would you like a  bag?No, that’s ok. Thanks anyway.
17. Well, you’ve come to the right place.Have you ever had a mobile phone before? No, this will be my first phone.Why else? 另外一个原因是啥.
18. Where is a toilet?When will you go?We will be going in about another 10 minutes.Go on without me. 你们去吧别管我了.
19. Well, I’m supposed to meet a friend in about 2 hours. And then I’m just going home.
20. I don’t think so . I think one movie is enough.It’s supposed to be very funny.But we’d better hurry. It starts in 10 minutes.
21. If you and Wanita are free, I would like to invite you to dinner.
22. Ok, Let me check my schedule one more time.
23. Can we meet at 7 pm?Can we meet there at 7 pm?i am just joking.
24. And in the terminal sometimes known as the command line on Linux or command prompt on Windows.
25. You might want to specify a custom destination but if you don’t know what that means and you don’t usually do it when installing programs go ahead and skip that step to here I can see I’m using 47 megabytes.
26. We’ll be exploring all the minutia throughout the course.
27. Wait! I changed my mind.Good idea.I’ll call AI and see if we can postpone until Friday.
28. Well,I’m fine.But I was calling to see if we can postpone our date.So,When do you want to postpone our date to?We postponed dinner until Friday.
29. What time would you like the reservation for?We’ll arrive at 7pm.
30. So do you have a name for your fish yet?No,not yet.But I’ll think of one soon.

### 第5组-2018-02-27
1.  An additional advantage here is that
2.  reduce latency
3. optimistic over-commitment 乐观的过度承诺.
4. either I'll accompany you to your room, or I'll wait here.you don't like him, do you? I don't, either
5. dispute transaction
6. I might not be in town.I’m not sure yet.If I’m in town. I’ll call you and let you know.
7. Are you free Friday night?Long time no see.
8. How’s your new job?How does it seem so far?What’s your boss like?
9. I guess we will have to wait and see. Well, I wish you the best of luck.Thanks,take care.
10. You were speeding,man.But I was only doing 75.There’s a 70km/h speed limit on this road.Is there? I didn’t see the sign.
11. What kind of work do you do?There’s one near here.It takes only 5 minutes by car.
12. rule of thumb.
13. help their customers do their jobs better
14. A constraint is a design decision with zero degrees of freedom.
15. how long a system is allowed to be out of operation
16. Low coupling is good.High cohesion is good.
17. A computation can be blocked because of contention for some needed resource.
18. Will you get some bread for me?Sure,Do you want anything else?No, thanks.I’ll pay you when you get back.
19. I know, but there aren’t enough parking spaces around the theatre.Have you ever tried to quit?Yes,I have quit twice:once when….,and the other time when…
20. If you knew what it was doing to your lungs, you would think twice about it.Was it natural  childbirth?No, she had to have a caesarean.
21. use your wing mirrors when changing lanes.
22. I see what you mean.
23. hard-won:If something is hard-won, it was only achieved after a lot of effort.eg:reuse hard-won architectural knowledge.
24. single point of failure
25. sniff out
26. Preparing a family banquet from scratch might require ten man-hours.
27. Memory Stick/pendrive.
28. get one's hands dirty.You’ll be getting your hands dirty early on in the next section.
29. as opposed to
30. what time is it?What do you want to do? I don't konw either.

### 第4组-2018-02-16
1. Are you the oldest amongst your brothers and sisters?
No,I'm not. I'm the second child in my family.
2. Do your parents let you stay out late?
3. Do you stay with your parents? Right now, no, but I used to.
4. What type of food do you enjoy to eat? Western or Asian?I'm interested in Asian food, Western food is not my thing.
5. Do you enjoy spicy food? Yes, I do , especially on cold days.
6. Are the servers there friendly to you?
7. How long dose it take you to finish a book?
8. What do you usually do during your  trip? I ofen go sightseeing, take pictures, mingle with the local people and sample the local  cuisine.
9. Do you prefer traveling by car , train or plane?I prefer planes although it can be a little expensive. Planes are much faster than any other mode of transport.
10. Do you prefer traveling alone or joining a guided tour?
11. How long have you been using them? I have been using these website since I was a freshman at university.
12. What do you visit those websites for? I use them to study online or relax after working.
13. What's your favorite website? I think it's probably youtube.com.
14. What's the most popular website in your country?
15. Do you think the youth should use website as a reliable source of knowledge?Not always, they should choose their sources carefully.
16. Have you ever been in any traffic accident? Yes , three years ago.
17. How many rooms are there in your house?
18. Cumulative GPA 累计GPA.
19. denial-of-service 拒绝服务.
20. take something with a grain (or pinch) of salt:regard something as exaggerated; believe only part of something.
21.  child abduction cases.儿童绑架事件.
22. 主语+及物动词+宾语.The government should support children from poor homes.
23. 主语+及物动词+宾语+宾语补足语 (含 it 做宾语的情况).Schools require all students to obey school rules.
24. 主语+及物动词+间接宾语+直接宾语.Some companies offer outstanding students scholarships.
25. 主语+不及物动词.I agree.
26. 主语+系+表(含 it 做主语的情况).
27. 被动语态.Children from poor homes should be supported by the government.
28. There be 句型
29. ripple effect. 连锁反应.
30. bog down.  bog down your db.

### 第3组-2018-02-14
1. This knife is too dull.这把刀太钝了。Let me sharpen it. 我来把它磨一下。
2. Don’t stand around doing nothing. Help me set the table.来帮我摆碗筷。
3. It’s time to eat.It’s time for breakfast.Time for lunch.It’s time to have supper. 吃晚饭的时间到了。
4. I’m going to clear the table.You should ask the kids to help you.
5. Why do you eat so little?I don’t like the food today.
6. That was a wonderful meal.
7. Wow! It’s so dusty.Could you dust the living room furniture?
8. I’ll have kids do this.
9. Please sweep the floor. Wait a minute. I’m watching TV now.
10. David, go take out the garbage.大卫，去把垃圾丢掉。
11. Why do I always have to do it? 为什么我总是得干这个活儿呢?
12. Water the flowers.
13. They’re already withered. It’s no use watering.
14. Please iron my shirt.
15. How did it go today? = How was your day?
16. Do you have a good time today? 今天过得愉快吗?
17. I’m too tired, so I don’t want to cook.
18. Let’s eat out. 咱们出去吃吧。
19. I’m going to bed.= I’m going to sleep.= I’m going to hit the hay.
20. 我想冲个澡。I want to take a shower.Yeah. Relax yourself. 好。放松一下。
21. You’d better get up or you’ll be late.
22. contingent on earlier results 取决于早先的结果.
23.  Lunar New Year. 农历新年
24. terse statements 简洁的陈述.
25. open book exam.
27. It is my pleasure to present this new method for deploying applications to you.
28. This course will introduce you to container technology.
29. Data is stored and retrieved by the service layer in a relational database.
30. How many people are there in your family?


### 第2组
1. Punishment is meted out to the offender because this is what he deserves in response to his infraction of the criminal law.
 mete out:allot 分配.
2. boil the ocean 不切实际的
3. contextualize a given situation.  contextualize   v, place or study in context.
4.  inadvertent plagiarism 非故意剽窃
5. Flouting Brooks’ Law gained the team nothing except budget overruns.
6. require additional manpower 需要额外的人力
7.  the effort is not only in vain, but counter-productive.
8. Unless it is more than 9/10 of all effort, shrinking all the accidental activities to zero time will not give an order of magnitude improvement.
9. an order-of-magnitude improvement 数量级的改善.
10. fuzz test 模糊测试
11. personnel turnover 人员流动
12. God is not capricious or arbitrary
13. These are usually not even planar, much less hierarchical.
14. I had time only for working, studying, eating, and sleeping.
15. sorry，please say again
16. so on and so forth 等等.
17. air ventilation  空气通风.
18.  non-discriminatory 非歧视
19. This does not contradict the concept that architecting is performed throughout the life cycle for two reasons.
20. Do not Reshelve Materials 请勿自己把资料上架
21. he ascribed Jane's short temper to her upset stomach.
22. We can't prescribe that way of thinking,’ Andrew says emphatically.
23. The overarching principle at work is that everyone contributes to the common need.
24. his best suit had been redeemed from the pawnbrokers. 赎回,典当行.
25. My eyes were fixed on the window, though I paid little heed to what went on outside.
26.  My list is not exhaustive , but rest assured, the most diligent research is ongoing.
27. I want to leave the stew to simmer for 5 minutes.我想把炖肉慢慢煨5分钟。
28. You’d better hang around and watch it. 你最好留在旁边看着。
29. Do not boil the chicken soup too long.
30. The gas cooker does not work.煤气灶坏了。Let me check. 让我来检查一下。

### 第1组
1. Voice First simply means our primary mode of interacting with computers in the future will be with our voice.
2. Brian covers a lot of ground in the interview, but there are a few main themes.
3. The next generation will have grown up with voice all around them.
4. Older folks don’t touch apps anymore. Gets rid of apps.
5. They expect every screen should be manipulable with their fingers.
6. Stop the philosophical bullshit about laptops not needing touch
7. The last act as CEO of Steve Jobs was to acquire Siri. He saw Siri as Apple’s future, more important than the iPhone, iPad, and Mac combined.
8. Little hairs went up on my back. I’m interacting with something historic.
9. There was great anticipation when it was being acquired.
10. I don’t know what kind of thinking was going on other than the philosophical divide inside a company that’s aging.
11. How do you do that in the post Jobs world?
12. Apple is glaringly behind. Made a bad mistake not taking Siri as a platform seriously.
13.  they are borrowing technologies from other companies.
14. The reason Amazon won is because the Echo was built by a merchant, not an engineer.
15. He had to make sure he was satisfying people and delighting people to a level that was beyond their expectation.
16. Erik impressed me with not just his incredible understanding of iOS development, but also his appreciation for the importance of design
17. We decided to work together on the spot. 当场.
18. There were a lot of late nights and pressure-filled days, especially during my college application season.
19. Many people assume that launching a product is binary:it is either an immediate success or an immediate failure.
20.  And because it's in our DNA to get the details perfect, it's enough work for ten people.
21. The rankings were volatile.
22.  People loved the core concept of Time, but they made it clear that there were lots of bugs and issues that needed fixing.
23.  there are a handful of people like that.少数人.
24. It is incredibly humbling.
25. This is helpful conceptually, but we can also leverage it for build optimization.We leverage this to speed up our builds.
26. It is not very elegant but it is workable.
27. Let me erase this.檫黑板.
28. envisioned systems 设想的系统.
29. Direct excerption 直接摘录.
30.  be wary of 注意
