#### 1

1. Children are expected to obey different rules either at home or at shool.
2. Strict discipline is sometimes important,but I would argue that it would have an adverse impact on children's problem-solving abilities.

#### 2

3. Some people are strong advocates of imposing rules because rule can hold children accountable for their behaviour and help them develop good behaviour patterns from a young age.
4. Unlike adults,children are normally not aware of the consequences of bad behaviour,and setting rules can help them realise how to behave in a socially scceptable way.
5. For example,children can learn how to show good manners and get along with others,which would be important skill in adult life.
6. If no rules forbid them to use bad language or bully others,they will not know how to deal with social relationships in adulthhood.

#### 3

7. However,there are concerns that rules may not have a positive influence on children,if those parents who estalish strict rules give priority to children's obedience.
8. Children will rely heavily on rules and may not be able to solve problems independently.
9. For example,they may not know how to manage time themselves,as a result of strict unbringing,and they are not able to decide what to do in the workplace without their parent's direction.
10. Thye are unlikely to achieve success in their careers.

#### 4

11. In my view,strict rules stifle children's creativity and they are not able to solve problems in different ways.
12. They dare not put their ideas into practice,since they are afraid of being punished if they disobey rules.
13. If they are required to solve math problems in one way,for instance, they will rarely consider other approaches.
14. They problems in the real world are complex and they cannot tackle these problems without using imagination.
