#### 1
1. Schools are normally seen as the place where the next generation can increase knowledge to improve employability.
2. In my view,academic subjects are important to one's career achievement,but students who do not learn the difference between right and wrong cannot succeed in their working lives.

#### 2
3. Many teachers suggest that students should concentrate on core subjects,because  the performance in these courses can determine whether they can enter university in the future.
4. What students can learn in academic courses can provide a firm grounding for university and help them find decent jobs.
5. For example,students who acquire mathematical skills at shool can learn how to build models to analyse data at university and work as financial analysts and engineers after they graduate.
6. They are less likely to focus on key disciplines if they are required to spend time in studying moral principles and behaviour norms.

#### 3
7. On the other hand,some educationlists are in favour of imparting some important virtues and moral values into students,and encourage them to make good use of their knowledge to contribute positively to their future employers and the whole of society.
8. Students who are conscious of social responsibilities are more likely to design safe products which benefit consumers,if they work as engineers for the manufacturing sector in the future.
9. Students who do not have a moral compass cannot achieve success,even though they perform well at shool.

#### 4
10. In my opinion,they youngers generation cannot be successful if they are not able to distinguish right from wrong.
11. Students who learn politeness and social rules may understand how to respect teachers and get along well with classmates,and because of this,they will also be able to develop a strong working relationship with colleagues once they start working.
12. This is the key to career achievement.
13. If they do not realise this ,their education and career can be affected adversely.

