#### 1
1. People's life expectancy has improve in many cities,possible because of improvements in technology and the increase in personal wealth.
2. Although senior citizens can contribute extraordinarily to society,I would argue that this demographic change can bring about some problems.

#### 2
3. One problem associatd with an ageing population is that health care costs will increase ,imporsing a burden on taxpayers.
4. It is widely known that most medical needs and costs occur in the last years of life.
5. This means that governments have to pour more money in caring for the elderly,but other essential services like education will be underfunded.
6. This problem can have an adverse impact on social progress since many young people may not go to university without the financial supprot from the government.

#### 3
7. The slow pace  of work is another problem, as the number of senior workers increases.
8. The ability to absorb information and complete work normally delines with age.
9. Many elderly people have a conservative attitude towards technology and cannot adopt cutting-edge technology efficiently.
10. If they choolse to delay retirement,their presence in the workplace can influence companies' productivity and the whole society's productivity.


#### 4
11. On the other hand, the experience and wisdom of senior citizens can be a valuable asset to society.
12. People today can live healthier and longer lives,as they pay closer attention to healthy eating and sports.
13. They can work as consultants and impart their knowledge and skills to the younger generation.
14. For example,some senior managers can teach young people how to manage a company,and how to provide better services for clients.
15. This society can draw upon the expertise of older people.

#### 5.
16. In conclusion,the considerable extension of live expectancy has put strain on health care and made the workplace less productive.
17. It will influence the economic development of a country,although we can make good use of senior worker's wisdom.
