#### 1
1. The healthy lifestyle is important because it has a direct bearing on our dignity and well-being.
2. Although many people regard lifestyle choice as a personal matter,I do not think they are likely to adopt a healthy lifestyle unless the government intervenes.

#### 2
3. It may be true that those who decide how to live their lives will possibly be happier.
4. They choose to develop and maintain healthy habits believing that these habits can bring enjoyment to their lives.
5. For example,some may pay attention to fruit and vegetables in their diets,which can help them keep fit and increase their confidence in work and social lives.
6. They will live under enormous pressure,if they are obessed with how to follow the government's lifestyle guideline.

#### 3
7. On the other hand,it is sometimes argued that tightening regulation on some behaviours,especially those which have been proven to be damaging to health,is more important.
8. There are many people who lack self-discipline.
9. For example,they smoke ,although it is common knowledge that smoking endangers their health.
10. The consequence is that their habit is not only harmful to their health but also to those living around them.

#### 4
11. In my view,the government should be responsible for educating the public about what to do and offering guidance.
12. Many people are not well-informed about how damaging their ways of life can be.
13. Those who take on desk jobs may not realise that this sedentary lifestyle can affect their health adversely and reduce life expectancy.
14. A growing number of consumers also eat fast food to save time,but they are not aware that this kind of fattening food can cause health problems.
15. Governments should lauch awareness campaigns or introduce laws,for example,requiring all fast food restaurants to put nutritional content on packaging ,to ensure that all citizens are conscious of the impact of their dietary habits on health.
