#### 1
1. Watching television(especially informative television) has been recognised as an effective method of learning,becuase audio-visual information can attract student's attention and engage their interest.
2. ALthough many TV programmes have educational value,I do not agree that increasing screen time is a good idea.

#### 2
3. Television viewing can interfere with children's studies and other activities which can benefit these children's development.
4. Children can get distracted easily,especially when they watch TV without adults' supervision.
5. They may not be able to concentrate on learning tasks , a problem which can lead to poor grades.
6. It is also difficult for them to participate in those interactive activities which promote brain development,such as reading,singing and communication.

#### 3
7. Another problem is that excessive screen time can affect children's health.
8. They sit in front of a screen for many hours every day, instead of playing games and doing sports with peers.
9. They also suffer obestiy,poor eyesight and fatigue.
10. Because of this,they do not have energy to cope with the demands of schooling and lose self-confidence over time.

#### 4
11. On the other hand,I understand that television has exposed children to a world of knowledge.
12. There are many education programmes aimed for children,allowing they to gain an insight into different subjects.
13. For example,documentaries can help children learn about historical events whild foreign language channels can help them acquire foreign languages.
14. This kind of knowledge can complement what they learn at school.

#### 5
15. To summarise,I would argue that parents and teachers should impose restrictions on children's television viewing,rather than  endorse this habit.
16. Watching TV can have an adverse impact on children's grades,rather than imporve their academic performance.

