
#### 1
1. People are likely to use products only once instead of keeping these items for a long time.
2. It is important to understand why this throw-away culture has developed and how to reverse this trend.

#### 2
3. Consumers today do not keep many goods for a long time because these products are not as expensive as before.
4. Technological innvoations and mass production have reduces the cost of production and improved the productivity of the workforce.
5. Some electronic products such as mobile phones and computers are now sold at low prices,and this is why many people would purchase the newest products,instead of fixing broken items.
6. Young people ,in particular ,prefer to purchase the latest mobile phones with up-to-date features and throw old ones away.

#### 3
7. Another reason is that people lack environmental awareness.
8. People have not yet realised that their ways of life will lead to energy consumption and cause waste as well as pollution.
9. They do not konw that household appliances can end up in landfill sites and these non-biodegradable products can have a destructive effect on the environment.
10. If they are aware that recycling can make their lifestyles more sustainable,they will possibly try to reuse products.

#### 4
11. As the overcomsumption of consumer goods is pervasive,it is important to take some measures to mitigate this problem.
12. Raising environmental awareness is important,because this can change the ways people use and dispose of different products.
13. Environmental groups can disseminate the knowledge of how to recycle disposable products, including plastic bags,thereby encouring people to use eco-friendly alternatives.

#### 5
14. To summarise,people's attitude toward consumption and the increase in disposable income are main reasons behind excessive consumption of disposable items.
15. To address this problem successfully,the top priority is to raise people's awareness of environmental protection,which can lead to a change to their lifestyles.
