#### 1
1. Low-cost air travel has enabled us to travel across border more frequently than before.
2. I think cheap filghts can benefit the masses,although we should avoid unnecessary journeys.

#### 2
3. People can travel all over the world by air,experiencing different cultures and broadening their horizons.
4. Some young people can visit other countries where they can find better jobs and earn higher salaries.
5. Some small business owners can discover bussiness opportunities during their trips and earn profits by exporting or importing products.
6. They are likely to miss out on these opportunities,if the cost of flights is higher.

#### 3
7. At the same time,some may argue that raising airfares can help reduce the environmental impact of the airline industry.
8. Higher prices have discouraged people from travelling great distances to other places.
9. Greenhouse gases produced by airplanes can decrease if the number of air flights drops.
10. Other problems related to the aviation sector,including noise pollution and the environmental destruction caused by the construction of airports and other facilities,will also mitigated.

#### 4
11. Personally,I do not think it is necessary to make air services expensive to potential passengers,because they deserve an affordable holiday to relax.
12. Many people,especially working people living in large cities,lead a hectic life and feel stressed.
13. If air tickets are highly affordable,they may choose to travel to some exotic locations on holiday and get away from everyday life.
14. Fox example,tourists in China spend a holiday in some tropical countries where they can sample local food,instead of staying at home.

#### 5
15. Overall,it would be wrong to impose restrictions on air travel,and above all,cheap airlines can benefit the public.
16. Air companies can turn to technological innovations as part of the effort to reduce the strain on the environment.


