#### 1
1. Laws refer to the rules imposed on human beings.
2. Although laws play an important role in regulating our behaviour,I believe that strict laws can also restrict out freedom.

#### 2
3. If all people obey law,a country can maintain order and embrace more opportunities for economic development.
4. They should obey traffic regulations;otherwise,traffic accidents will increase and traffic congestion will become a problem.
5. Those who sell fake products online should be punished,so consumers will visit online shops continuously.
6. In contrast,in a lawless society,people do not have a sense of security when they do business,drive to work and buy products,which can have a negative impact on the economy.

#### 3
7. People can also enjoy their lives in a peaceful,closely-knit society,where they follow socail rules and behave in a socially responsible way.
8. They are sometimes motivated by self-interest to do something that would be harmful to others.
9. If they obey laws and social norms,they are more likely to respect each other and live in harmony.
10. For example,people who are conscious of social rules may keep their voices down when talking on the phone in the workplace,so their colleagues can concentrate on their work and the company can operate effectively.
11. This also applies to the whole society.

#### 4.
12. Nevertheless,laws and rules can sometimes limit freedom and stifle creativity,which can prevent us from building a prosperous society.
13. For instance,if one country has many restrictions on business world,the business activity will not thrive.
14. If high income earners are subject to high income tax rates,they may lack motivation to make greater efforts to increase their income.
15. The government can relax regulation to foster innovations,which can contribute to social progress.

#### 5.
16. From what has been discussed,it is reasonable to argue that a society cannot operate well without laws and rules.
17. Alternatively,society cannot advance easily,if laws are too restrictive.
