#### 1
1. The advent of the Internet has changed the ways people live their lives and complete work.
2. The growing number of people are now considering distance education,which allows they to complete a degree at home.
3. Although distance learning differs from traditional college education in some aspects,learner will possibly find that they can gain as much knowledge from an online course as they do at university.

#### 2
4. Distance education is flexible and offers learners opportunities to attend lectures without having to travel to university.
5. Students  can read relevant materials and attend lectures by watching videos.
6. When they have problems in digesting information,they can click the pause button and replay the video until they fully understand the content.

#### 3
7. The improvements in online education also make it possible for students to communicate with their lecturers whenever necessary.
8. Students can use interactive communication tools to ask questions in virtual classes or talk to lecturers via email.
9. In this way,these learners can get lecturers' guidance immediately,thereby compleing all courses more effectively.
10. This is exactly the same as the interaction with professors in lecture rooms in the real life.
11. Despite living in their own countries,they can even communicate with scholars from the top universities around the world.

#### 4
12. In spite of these facts,distance education may not offer students the networking experience which they can get in a real college.
13. Students complete their degree independently and do not have opportunities to meet each other and socialise together.
14. They do not have opportunites to build up a network of contacts,which can have a negative impact on their career development.
15. In contrast,those who study at university can do a wide range of activities on campus such as playing sport and joining clubs,which can help them build close relationships.

#### 5
16. In conclusion,interactive technology has enabled learners to communicate with lectures easily and benefit from the opportunities presented by distance education,so I believe that distance education is now as good as traditional ways of completing a degree at university.


