#### 1
1. Many people regard tax as a burden,because it can reduce their disposable income.
2. I think that we need to pay tax,because without tax revenue,the society cannot function appropriately.

#### 2
3. Paying tax can have important implications to a country's economy.
4. If the government has tax revenue,public facilities such as roads ,schools and hospitals can receive more funds from the state.
5. Without a great public transport system,commuters find it difficult to travel to and from work,and traffic congestion could reduce work efficiency.
6. Public schools can provide children with educational opportunites and enable these young students to gain knowledge,which is benefical to economic growth.
7. These projects or services are normally not funded by the private sector,because of the low profit margin.
8. We should also recognise that the government can achieve the goal of income redistribution by taxation.
9. For example,in many countries,the high income group can get assistance from the government.

#### 3
10. Levying taxes can also regulate people's behaviour.
11. People fail to show self-restraint sometimes and cannot change some bad habits.
12. For example,the heavy tax on cigarette and alcohol  discourages the public from spending on these items.
13. This change can improve the well-being of people and ease the pressure on the medical system.

#### 4
14. On the other hand,if taxpayers are subject to high taxed,they may not have the incentive to work hard and entrepreneurs are also not willing to set up a business.15. Money is a great motivator for most people because they can improve  living standards and gain a sense of accomplishment.
16. High tax rates will encourage many people to evade taxer and even move to those low-tax countries.

#### 5
17. Overall,I am convinced that taxes are be lifeblood of the economy although high taxes can have an adverse effect on econimic growth.

 
